Trying to get pregnant fast? Premom is your go-to period, fertility tracker and ovulation calculator to pinpoint your most fertile days. Simply scan ovulation tests and sync BBT to accurately discover your fertile window. Our period calendar, pregnancy and ovulation tracker uses fertility awareness methods to help improve predictions and boost your chances of pregnancy.How does it work?Premom ovulation app and pregnancy tracker is personalized to your menstrual cycle, making it effective even for irregular cycles! Track your period, use ovulation tests, chart BBT (basal body temperature), observe cervical mucus & symptoms to accurately pinpoint your fertile window and time intercourse with our ovulation calendar. No more guessing!Whether you’re trying to conceive or want to learn your cycle’s natural rhythms, join the millions of women who chose Premom ovulation tracker to give them a comprehensive fertility and period tracking solution guiding them along their journey to motherhood.Ovulation Tracker, Test Reader and BBT Chart+ Ovulation & Pregnancy Test Reader: Snap a picture of your ovulation test and instantly know your pregnancy chances with low, high and peak readings!+ Basal body temperature tracker: Our easy@Home smart basal thermometer syncs your temperatures, draws your coverline and predicts ovulation+Personalized cycle tracker & insights based on your BBT & ovulation tracking, helping you reach your goal to get pregnant faster Period Tracker & Menstrual Cycle CalendarNo more unplanned visits from Aunt Flo. Premom's advanced algorithm accurately predicts your period based on your cycle data, so it works even for women with irregular cycles. A modern cycle tracker for your period flow, spotting, cervical mucus, PMS, mood, weight and more. Download our free period tracker app to enjoy precise period predictions!+ Accurate Menstrual and Period Predictions: Track your period, flow intensity, ovulation, fertile window, insemination, and cervical mucus with our period and ovulation tracker+ Reminders: Personalize your Premom period & ovulation tracker and calendar with scheduled reminders for tracking your period, ovulation and progesterone tests (pdg tests), BBT, sexual activity, and more Ovulation Calculator & Pregnancy Tracker+Trusted pregnancy app: Not just an ovulation app for women, but also a pregnancy tracker to monitor your baby’s growth week by week+ Premom’s Pregnancy Calendar calculates your due date, tracks symptoms, counts kicks and delivers personalized content about what to expect as a new mom Money-Back Guarantee ProgramIs this ovulation tracker free? Yes! Premom offers a program that can improve your chances of getting pregnant faster. Join for free in the Premom ovulation app and follow the recommended steps to track ovulation. If not pregnant after 9 cycles of following our steps, we will reimburse your purchases of Easy@Home/Premom ovulation tests, pregnancy tests and basal thermometer. Learn more: https://premom.com/pages/money-back-guarantee-program Learn from Fertility Experts+Expert Created Content Library: Explore hundreds of articles & videos on women’s health, getting pregnant, periods, birth control, ovulation, pregnancy, birth and more+Use our Ask an Expert service for quick and personalized answers Support CommunityPremom period and ovulation tracker is a safe place for women trying to conceive, undergoing IUI/IVF, or are pregnant. Ask questions, share experiences, and receive support from others on similar journeys. Download the free Premom fertility tracker, ovulation calendar, and pregnancy app and boost your odds of getting pregnant naturally. Trusted by women daily to help them meet their natural family planning goals with this period and ovulation tracker, fertility tracker, & cycle tracking app. Questions? Email support@premom.com Note: Premom app should not be used as birth control/contraception