Fancy Stickers &amp; Emoji is an app that collects many popular stickers.
More than 4,000 stickers, more than 2000 avatars for you to choose.
Update all kinds of latest and popular stickers every week.
Please don't hesitate, come and try this amazing app.

Main features:
1. Unlimited Exclusive Stickers by professional illustrators!
2. Follow the hot spots, the hottest stickers nowadays, all will not be missed!
3. Choose any avatars of animation, film and television, funny, etc!
4. Sticker Maker: make your own stickers quickly!
5. Direct import for WhatsApp &amp; iMessage (Messages)


Download Fancy Stickers &amp; Emoji for free , make unlimited inquires .Start your subscription now！
Two ways to subscribe，including weekly subscriptions and monthly subscriptions. 

Important:
- The app is free to download, and offers use of a limited selection of exclusive sticker packs, the ability to create &amp; use a limited number of custom stickers with the sticker maker, and the ability to browse the sticker library, for free. You can subscribe for unlimited use of all stickers and features. 
- Payment is charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews for the same price and duration period unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period at the cost of the chosen package. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's iTunes Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. You may cancel a subscription during its free trial period via the subscription setting through your iTunes account. This must be done 24 hours before the end of the subscription period to avoid being charged. Please visit http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4098 for more information. You may turn off the auto-renewal of your subscription via your iTunes account settings. However, you are not able to cancel the current subscription during its active period. 
- Subscriptions are linked to your account rather than to a given installation of an app on a device. Therefore cancelling a free trial or subscription must be done via your account Settings. Just deleting the app does not automatically cancel a subscription. If you need assistance, please contact us at LightningStickersService@outlook.com and we'll be keen to help. But please note that for privacy and security reasons, we as developers are unable to directly access your account and alter your subscription on your behalf.
Privacy Policy：https://docs.google.com/document/d/1RpD_NcXNOI81VPwOBKzbAuWm5RObMtr7T1cAMg8qTDU/edit?usp=sharing
Terms of use:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZUOF7T30dBtfvakji6qkOM6lJosyTFr74YhfkBeaVSc/edit?usp=sharing