Abs workout
Abs workout is the most popular part in our Ftiness Free app. After fitness at home for abs, we get more healther and loss weight in quick time. So does stomach workout. Abs and core workout will always be together. We also offer abs core  workout free.
Abs and core workout at home, let's do daily abs exercise, do not need fake abs. we can do more exercise to get the real one.

Core workout
When you start Core Workout, your workout level is up at the same time.
At the same time you may like: chest exercise, waist workout, bodybuilding, bicep workout, gym exercises strength and so on.

Stretching exercises
After all this weight loss exercise, we also need stretching exercises to relax the body. Also we have core stretch, daily core exercises.

Daily exercise
Daily burn fat, weight lossing, free daily workouts for everbody!
Daily exercises including: 30 day fitness challenge, 28 day challenge free. dailyfitness with no equipment, daily fitness for bed exercise.
We have strong excercise database and we can offer suitable daily workout fitness for men, for women and for kids.

5 minute workout
We have different kinds of exercise challenge, some for 5 minutes exercise and lasting for 30 days challenge. It's easy for 5 minutes but hard for 30 days continue exercising.
28 day workout challenge free is another kind of exercising which is including 28 day challenge, fit lazy workout, chest workout at home, men fitness: core exercise, body weight workout. All of these including of our home fitness app.

Exercise for women
We offer health and fitness free exercise for women. We know more about beginner workout to share. Also, we have exercise for kids. Lazy workout and personal fitness coach are good too.
Home exercise program is more suitable for people who have no time to go to gym and still can workout at home. Daily workouts is also suitable for women, beginners and kids.
We offer  free workout apps for women, and also workout for men. In our app, you can search home workout, weight loss, how to exercise, and all of these can be fit for workout for women, and exercise apps for kids.

Home gym workouts
We incorrage everyone be gym family. We get routines, daily exercise and lifestyle for fitness.
To be a better me, we should do dayforce, do gym,  get the fitness coach and so on.

Free daily workout APP
We offer free fitness exercise, also include fitness at home free, free excercise app, free wall workout, free weight watchers app, free running app.

A combine fitness app

We are a home-workout free app for over 100 workout exercise and weight loss app for over 50 fitness courses. For all these fitness free courses for our fitness apps.
We have home workout planner for home workouts, which we can do home working out at home anytime.
Still, we are suitable for child, we are exercise apps for kids .

Premium Version
Unlock all actions
Unlock all courses
All 30-day exercise plans unlocked
Unlimited DIY lessons
Looking forward to more features

Premium Subscription Service:
`Weekly Subscription:
`$2.99/Weekly, and 3 Days Free Trail.
`$2.99/Weekly
·Monthly Subscription
`$9.99/Month, and 3 Days Free Trail.
`$9.99/Month
`Yearly Subscription:
`$29.99/Yearly, and 3 Days Free Trail.
`$29.99/Yearly
- Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
- Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable
`Our Terms of users:
https://sites.google.com/view/beatdev-terms-of-service/
`Our Privacy Policy:
https://sites.google.com/view/beatdev-privacy-policy/
`Contact us:
smartgamesdev010@gmail.com 