Warrior Kings, it’s time to build your empire and seize the throne of a medieval kingdom rife with magic and turmoil!

Game of Kings: The Blood Throne is a free to play real-time strategy and simulation war game for mobile where players build armies, slay and cultivate monsters, form alliances, and battle each other to achieve their destinies and take their seat upon the Blood Throne!

With the weave of magic unraveling, the ancient and mysterious Rune Continent of legend has appeared! Not for the faint of heart, the Rune Continent brings untold challenges and rewards for those brave enough to enter. Gather your Alliance and test your spirit amidst the mayhem of the battlefield, as you stand shoulder to shoulder to conquer the Rune Wonder in intense warfare against players from all servers! Who will best all rivals and claim the title of Supreme King?

Game of Kings Features:

Epic Player vs. Player Strategic Warfare
Real-time PvP combat against from players around the world. Hone your strategy to outsmart your enemies and lay siege to their settlements!

Unique Monster System
Goblins and Skeletons and Dragons, oh my! Explore the world map to hunt and slay monsters. Unlock and cultivate monsters in your Beastiary to bolster the ranks of your army and dominate the battlefield!

Build a Massive Army
Train infantry, ranged, cavalry and siege units across four increasingly powerful tiers! Amass hundreds of thousands of soldiers to conquer and defend your empire!

Resource Management
Gather, produce, and manage six different resources (food, iron, stone, wood, silver, and gold) to build and upgrade your Stronghold, train your armies, and research new technologies!

Cooperative Alliances
Create or join an Alliances to team up and wage war across the kingdom. Make friends with players from around the world, develop and strategize together, and rally your forces to triumph over all others!
 Academic Research
Over 140 different technologies can be researched in your Academy to give your kingdom an edge over your opponents and enhance your capabilities in War, Defense, Trade, Economy, Tactics and Construction.

Customize Your Heroes
Forge legendary weapons and armor to equip your Heroes and become immensely powerful! Develop your Heroes across two different skill trees to best suit your plans for victory!

 Real-time Chat Translation
No language barriers! Talk and cooperate with anyone with our real-time chat translation system, capable of providing translation for 34 different languages!

Join us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/GameOfKings.TheBloodThrone

NOTE: Game of Kings: The Blood Throne is completely free to download and free to play; however, in-app purchases for some items can be made with real money within the game. If you don’t wish to use this feature, please disable this function for your device or in the in-game settings.

Gold Club:
Weekly Gold Club Member
- Period: 1 week
- Price: 9.99$
Monthly Gold Club Member
- Period: 1 month
- Price: 29.99$
Quarterly Gold Club Member
- Period: 3 months
- Price: 79.99$
• Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase
• Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period
• Accounts will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal
• Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase
Terms Of Use: http://gameofkings-app.com/TermsOfUse.html
Privacy Policy: http://gameofkings-app.com/privacypolicy.html