The country is picturesque and there are so many heroes at one time. It was Wei, Shu and Wu who created this continent! If you don't accept it, your lord's ambition will reach the sky, and you will point your sword at the mountains and rivers to realize the meaning of this continent and explore the differences of this continent!There is no established historical framework for the super braves of these three countries. As long as you dare to think and do, you can conquer this continent like a sunrise;Why is this super brave lord willing to surrender to others, seize the world's largest territory, determine the world's great plans, and never let go of his firm belief!Download "I'm the Super Brave Lord" now and enter the gift code:[VIP777], [VIP999], [LX666], [LX888] exchange for generous props——Breakthrough Pill*77 Basic Summoning Scroll*9 Basic Summoning Scroll*10 Yuanbao*500Here, you will be the commander, a leisurely experience without hesitation, a hundred military commanders can be cultivated at will, the lineup can restrain the character combo, tap the control with just one thought, and lead the generals to create their own magnificent kingdom from the perspective of God!Here, you are also an explorer, controlling zombie generals to dominate this continent; in the mobile card game, you can also experience the 100 VS 100 epic team battles of the Three Kingdoms at close range; you can also inherit with one click, and upgrade generals with no loss of resources. Your flashing desire to try something new! Just because "I am the Lord and the Brave One" will bring you a different version of the Three Kingdoms.Zombies are invading——One-click switch, become the master and overthrow the Three KingdomsIn troubled times, heroes emerge to fight for the throne, fighting to win the title of the only one in the world. Several zombie generals suddenly break in. Click to switch to trigger the dark power. Unlock exclusive forms and obtain unique skills. You can fight your way through this turbulent continent.Gathering of generals - develop as you wish and create your own mighty generals of the Three KingdomsThe battlefield is unpredictable and the situation is changing rapidly. Should you build a super fierce general to guard Kazuo, or can you look at the entire territory and change it in real time? Here you will no longer waste resources meaninglessly, you can regenerate with one click for free, and new generals can inherit and develop resources without loss.Lead troops to charge - Become famous in one battle, and the cards can be 100 vs 100The king of a country fights in all directions, and hundreds of people fight with gold and iron horses, and he plans to rule the world with his bravery. The epic feeling inspires men's blood. Hundreds of military generals can lead several soldiers into battle to kill the enemy, recreating the battlefield melee of the Three Kingdoms.One-click rebirth - carry on the past and open up the future, and set foot in the world without losing inheritanceIt is passed down from generation to generation and practiced from generation to generation. It is derived from blue and is greener than blue. No need to hold your breath and focus on limited resources. Play without pressure, feel the fun of the game easily, and you can climb the ladder of becoming a king in an instantFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/113158741725207Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/@3kingdoms666Official website: https://www.bravemylord.sky-shark.comCustomer service email: searsreese902@gmail.com※ Because this software involves violence and sex (the game characters wear clothing that highlights sexual characteristics), it is classified as Auxiliary 12+ according to the game software classification management method.※ This game is free to use. The game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.※ If you play the game for a long time, please pay attention to the usage time and avoid being addicted to the game.※ Agent information: Yiheng Digital Marketing Co., Ltd.[Access Rights Guide]-[Required] ACCESS_coarse_location: Used when providing services based on geographical location. For example, game/customer service center prediction logo and other related functions.-[Required]readexternalstorage: used for game data/reading images.-[Required] writeexternalstorage: used for downloading and storing the game's own resources.