All fans the subway simulator games, wishing to become real train driver and enthusiasts who want to get experience and emotion from driving a real city train in the metro simulator, unite!In the city's simulation subway urgently needs a train driver with no experience, there is no one to be found, there are only idle people everywhere. Passengers can't get to the right stations. The game combines elements of train simulator, role play, interactive games, driving games and building. The game is not for idle players, but for responsible players who are ready to drive a trains, repair, customize and upgrade, and acquire new trainz. Acquire and explore new subway stations and upgrade your experience of riding the railway. Before you start driving, you should study the job description on railway.Euro3D is an offline free subway strategy tycoon simulator game to download and play that don't requires a network connection to play. Some in-game items can also be purchased for real money. If you don't want to use this feature please disable in-app purchases in your device's settings.Euro3D Subway Simulator Games train driver job description:🕹️ Operate every mechanism of the train sim in metro gameYou'll operate from a real cab with buttons, levers, and indicators. The main thing is not to get confused. In the beginning, you will be given a starter training driving on the railroad and how to use all the functions of the simulator. The training takes place at subway university. You will be able to open and close doors in station, fine-tune transport stops and starts, and record the distance to the station checkpoint. Your main task is to carry the real passengers waiting for you at the station in simulater. 🛠️ Upgrade, customize, and repair your trainsAny mechanism in train simulator always needs regular maintenance after riding the railroad. You can use the money you earn to improve trains, such as putting a new engine on them for speed or increasing the number of cars for more passenger capacity. You can also repaint them in simulater.🚇 Choose, learn the history and buy the train sim you likeYou can earn money for any train sim you like. Each one has its own legendary story that will be of interest to the novice driver. Currently we have 7 trains the following types: 1) EMA-502, 2) 81-717/714, 3) 81-540.2/541.2, 3) E-KM. We will be adding more trainz soon in our simulation games, including the model 81-7021/7022.🏗️ Build and open new railway stations on map metro simulatorAt the start mini metro game there are only a few stations per branch and the more you earn, the more stations and branches you can open and explore. With each new station your income will increase and so will the number of passengers in transport.🥇 Earn achievements and become the best underground driverThe city underground has a system of 34 achievements and 6 plaques for distinguished employees railroad. Complete them and you will earn rewards, and compete for the title of best driver with other sub drivers from all over the world!🗺️ Discover new countries' underground (soon)You will be able to work in the subways of other countries in the coming updates train simulator. Right now you can work in Ukraine. In the future you will be able to work as a driver in Minsk, NYC subway (New York), Mexican, Indian, London underground, Paris metro, Berlin, Prague, Seoul and many others.✅ Complete metro simulator driver special assignments (soon)In the mini metro game there will be an opportunity to receive special daily tasks that will bring additional income and secret bonuses in simulators.If you complete all of the above items in our simulation games you will become a professional subway driver in any country! Play Euro3D subway simulator games and have fun driving! Good luck on your rail routes in simulators!For any questions, suggestions or problems our simulation games you can write to us: help@notfoundgames.com