DiDO is a voice chat app!In DiDO you will get laughs, happiness, surprises, new friends, you will relax... Make friends and find yours with who you can share the same interests. If you want to put more fun into your life, trust me, download this app because DiDO is a super voice chat party online! FEATURES:TOTALLY — Enjoy live voice chat over 3G, 4G, LTE or Wi-Fi.Free gamesWe have added a lot of games, fun ball games, team battles, and you can voice chat in the game, come and try it togetherPUBLIC CHAT ROOMS — Browse THOUSANDS live chat rooms from NEARBY or AROUND THE WORLD that cover thousands of topics. CHAT GAMES — Play games together directly in your voice chat!VIRTUAL GIFTS — Stunning animated gifts can be sent out to express your mind.SHARE and FOLLOW — Share your favorite ROOMS on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, Snapchat and more, inviting friends and new followers.Want more features? Get DIDO now!Play games while chattingYou can play games like UNO while chatting in Room. Game is  on DIDO. You can play games with people all over the world anytime.Group voice chatCreate voice chat room, invite friends or wait for strangers to join in the chat room, use text or voice to chat with friends, enjoy the fun of a great voice chat party.Voice chat tagYou can add topic tags to your voice chat rooms. There are different chat tags for chatting, entertainment, singing, and tons more. You can choose the chat room which you are interested in according to the topic. The tag will help you find friends with the same interests more accurately so that you guys will have more topics to talk about.Awesome virtual giftsDIDO offers lots of amazing virtual gifts, strengthen the friendship between you and your friends by sending cute virtual gifts. Everyone likes receiving gifts from others. Every gift from a friend is a wish for your happiness.Easy to registerUse a message and Facebook to sign up for a DIDO account. It is easier and saves you more time. Enjoy your voice chat experience quickly and easily."