Over time, the use of your device becomes less productive due to the accumulation of unnecessary junk. This application is designed to help you level up your phone and spend the minimum amount of time!

Guru is a smart application that will not only clean your iPhone but also protect your privacy. 

WHAT IS CLUTTERING UP YOUR DEVICE? 

Duplicate photos.
We all know how easy it is to litter your gallery with similar selfies, old pie recipes and photos from work. Users don't have enough time to clear their phone's memory all the time. We want to do it for you! 
GALLERY CLEANER - the application automatically detects similar photos with the suggestion of removing the worst ones (only with the user's permission). 

Duplicate contacts.
It is very easy to add the same contact twice. Let's get rid of this problem together!
SMART CLEANER automatically detects the same numbers or names in your Contacts. Guru - no more confusion with calls.

Download the app and get an ordered Gallery with your favorite and necessary photos and convenient Contacts forever!

What about your PERSONAL LIFE? Everyone has something they want to keep hidden for others and that's right. But how to do it quickly, easily and most importantly reliably? Guru team has developed a special feature. 

SECRET FOLDER - accessible only to you.

1. Set a password or use Face ID and have private access.
2. Store secret photos or videos.
3. Save private contacts. 
4. Keep your passwords to any website or app. 

Hide everything you want! 

After all, if there are problems with complex passwords? We thought about that too! Our application has a built-in PASSWORD GENERATOR. Just use this function and create a strong password and protect your data. Nowadays, this is so important.

Also, in order to maintain the device, you must always be aware of its condition. Get SYSTEM INFO about your iPhone anytime. 

You can check up:

- Storage
- Battery Status
- Screen Test
- Network Info
- Sensors, etc.

SPEED TEST
Poor internet speed? Use Speed Test to determine the speed of your traffic. The application will show you the amount of data used and will automatically identify problems if there are any.

If you want to improve performance, hide private files and always be aware of the status of your device, then the choice is obvious. 

Guru - guard your iPhone, privacy and time!


Read the subscription information:

It is possible to get a Pro version. You can always subscribe or cancel it.
Before subscribing, use the 3-day free trial period to try all features for free. Payment will be debited from your iTunes account after subscribing.
If you want to unsubscribe, make sure it is no later than 24 hours before the end of the current period.

Guru team is always ready to answer your questions:
Support: https://guruboostandclean.site/support
Terms and Conditions: https://guruboostandclean.site/termsandconditions
Privacy Policy: https://guruboostandclean.site/privacypolicy
EULA: https://www.apple.com/legal/internet-services/itunes/dev/stdeula/