Dream Piano 

Tap the music button fast, enjoy the music game, and challenge your tapping speed!
Dream Piano is a great piano music game awaiting to be played!
It’s a music game for FREE, contains rich type of songs. 
Canon, Little Star, Cancan... You can find more songs here. 
Also, your song, you choose. We have Weekly New Songs Event! Recommend your favorite song and you may see it here next week!
Let's catch up the music game trend! Just enjoy the rhythm belongs to you.

Game’s rules:

It’s similar to other piano games, you just have to tap the music button then enjoy the wonderful music and rhythm in game.


Game feature: 

◉ Simple graphics, easy to play and everybody gets playing the piano!
Breath-taking rhythm will challenge your handspeed limit! 
◉ 1VS3 PK challenge mode gives you thrill and risk!
◉ Update of numerous songs, original, classic, bangs and all the style to satisfy different taste.
◉ Share your record with your friends, and compare with world-wide players! 
◉ Sound of high quality makes you feel like in a concert. 
◉Save your progress via Facebook account and share the progress in different devices. 
More challenge, more bonus and a better self. 

So, get ready and try out this music game for free! The attractive piano online which is more challenging than you could imagine. 

Become a real pianist now! Tap the music button and catch up the trend with this music game 2021 right now!

Free music game and music game lovers are waiting for you!

Support:If you have any problems about our piano music game, 
send the email to musicgamestudioserver@gmail.com or contact us in our Facebook page.

Subscription:
- Upon subscribing, you'll immediately unlock all songs, remove the advertising, get unlimited energy, daily 800 coins every week. 
- You can choose a subscription plan according to the price and duration. The prices are $2.99 per week, $9.99 per month, $29.99 per year, or the same price in other currencies.
- When you confirm your purchase, the payment will be charged to your iTunes account.
- Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
- Please cancel the automatic renewal at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current period, otherwise it will automatically renew and deduct the renewal fee from the account.
- In order to avoid being charged, please be sure to complete it 24 hours before the end of the subscription.
- Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.
- If you cancel your subscription, you will lose all the privileges described above.

Terms of Use and Privacy Policy: http://www.gogogame.com/privacy-policy.html