Trex Gold is an investment and trading platform for foreign exchange, crude oil, gold, silver and precious metal futures. It integrates multiple functions including opening accounts, investment trading, instant quotation analysis, global market information and in-depth expert comments.Just download Trex Gold trading platform on mobile phone, you can make low threshold investment of 20 yuan, 0 basic entry, 24 hours trading, and achieve "strategy, decisive battle, thousands of miles; insight, instant profit".[Brand strength]1.13 years of stable operation, Australian ASIC supervision and American NFA certification;2. The funds are deposited separately in the internationally recognized ANZ and DBS banks;3. Excellent Customer Service Award of Huazun Award;4. Formal certification, financial guarantee provided by FSCS in the UK and FDR in New Zealand.[Foreign exchange precious metal futures investment CFD variety]1. Foreign exchange futures trading: Euro/US dollar, US dollar/Japanese yen, British pound/US dollar, Australian dollar/US dollar and other currency pairs;2. Crude oil futures trading: Brent crude oil (UK crude), New York crude oil (US crude).3. Precious metal futures investment: gold, silver global market, contract size, leverage more flexible, preferential spread;4. Index futures trading: Shanghai and Shenzhen 300(Zhonghua 300), Hang Seng Index, Nikkei index, Dow Jones Index, Nasdaq Index, S&P Index and other six index products;5. Stock products trading: covering hot products of US stocks and Hong Kong stocks, such as Tesla, Alibaba, Tencent Holdings, NIO, Xiaomi, Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Apple, HSBC, Amazon, AIA, China Merchants Port, China Mobile, China Railway, CITIC, China Merchants Bank, Hang Seng Bank, etc.;6. Trading of bulk agricultural products: soybeans, wheat, corn, cocoa, cotton, etc.【 Characteristic Function 】1. Professional forex precious metal futures index reading tools edit 51 kinds of technical Pointers by themselves and cooperate with 31 kinds of graphic analysis tools to find the buying and selling time by looking at the trend;2. Second speed transaction function professional research and development of "one strike transaction" function, each mouth transaction without loss;3. The deposit and withdrawal of funds at any time on 7*24 can be done within 30 minutes at the earliest, and the whole process of deposit and withdrawal is regulated;4. Exclusive one-to-one VIP customer service service;5.7. Real-time trading of well-known analysts' live broadcast rooms, timely access to global exchange rate fluctuations and price trends; .[Global Information]Real-time FOREIGN exchange, crude oil, PRECIOUS metals, gold, futures, index real-time market information, the latest international news, financial experts real-time interpretation.