"Sekaiju" - the beginning of a long legend...A book of prophecies that point the way to destruction, ruins that hold the power of spirits.A journey to adventure in the unexplored region of the sea of ​​trees begins now!"Morino Fantasy: Legend of the World Tree" is a new sense forest adventure MMORPG that can switch between vertical and horizontal screens.Unexplored regions hidden in the depths of the forest, mysterious World Trees, ruins filled with the energy of Hoshimon, and books of prophecies that bring destruction. A brave boy goes on an adventure alone. To uncover the truth..."Morino Fantasy: Legend of the World Tree" is finally released![magnificent view of the world]A screen equipped with next-generation technology. From lighting conditions to shadow adjustments. The painting style is so realistic that you can feel the environment in the game. Comes with a system that allows you to change the weather freely. Make your exploration of unexplored regions even more exciting![Adventure with Hoshimon]Let's strengthen and evolve over 100 Hoshimons. Let the light of Hoshijima slip through the trees, and use the power of the hunter to become the King of the World Tree![With the hero who inherits the blood of the dragon! Abundant occupation selection]From the beginning, there are 6 occupations: warrior, archer, priest, shadow ninja, artilleryman, and demon dragon knight, and you can freely choose the occupation that suits your game style! In addition, all characters are accompanied by a super-luxury cast: Aino Nanjo (role of Maten Apostle), Yusuke Kobayashi (role of warrior), Azumi Waki ​​(role of archer), Ayana Taketatsu (role of gunner). , Sora Amamiya (role of priest), Jun Fukuyama (role of Kagenin), Nobunaga Shimazaki (role of Mauryu Knight) and others. A dream co-star in the unexplored world![Vertical x horizontal screen switching]You can freely switch between vertical screen mode for leisurely play and horizontal screen mode for full play! Feel free to change the screen mode according to your play style.