Welcome to Solve Tutor:AI Homework Helper. 
Solve Tutor:AI Homework Helper provide innovative solutions based on AI to meet the needs of students from primary school to university 24/7, so you no longer have to stay up late to solve problems!

Solve Tutor can help you with:

AI Camera Solver:
• Solve math problems, science, equations, and more
Solve Tutor makes solving math tasks easy. From solving basic arithmetic problems to complex calculus, managing linear equations to differential equations, and performing other mathematical operations such as graphing functions or calculating integrals. It not only provides the correct answers but also provides step-by-step explanations.
• Ace any test and quiz 
Solve Tutor effortlessly handles a wide variety of question types commonly found in tests and quizzes, including True/False, multiple-choice, and open-ended questions. Just select the 'Text-based problems' option, capture an image of your query, and receive your solution in no time. This feature serves as a valuable tool for gauging your understanding and preparing for examinations.

Streamline Writing and Reading
• Write killer essays quickly
Tasked with writing an essay on a topic that's both uninteresting and intricate? Don't worry! Just click 'Create Essay' and input your subject. The generated content can be used directly or serve as an inspiration to kickstart your creativity.
• Improve your writing
Tired of the text that you've been studying for hours? Simply upload your writing to Solve Tutor, and let the app rephrase and enhance it. This could be a game-changer if you're feeling stuck with a writing task.
• Read smarter, not harder
Easily grasp the main points of any text, even an entire book! Solve Tutor can be a lifesaver when you're overwhelmed with reading assignments. Simply upload the text you need to read (or enter the book's name and author), regardless of its length or complexity, and click on "Generate Summary." Obtain the essential information effortlessly!

AI Personal Assistant:
Meet Solve Tutor, experience advanced artificial intelligence technology. The Solve Tutor can maintain a new level of human-like interaction: if you are creating a speech for an official meeting, seeking a catchy turn of phrase, or looking for help with your writing, the smart AI chatbot will have you covered.

Suggestions or questions? Email us at support@gaussmatrix.com 
TikTok: @solvetutor
Instagram: @solvetutor
Facebook: @solvetutor

So why wait? Embrace the future of education today.

Unlock your unlimited potential in class with our Premium subscription! By subscribing, you gain access to the following benefits:
• Remove usage limits.
• Get responses instantly.

Subscription options for premium membership service:
1-week subscription with auto renewal:$6.99
12-month subscription with auto renewal:$39.9

If you choose to purchase premium membership,payment will be charged to your iTunes account ,and your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. Auto-renewal may be turned off at any time by going to your settings in the iTunes Store after purchase . Prices are in U.S. dollars, may vary in countries other than the U.S. and are subject to change without notice. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period.

Our privacy policy:
https://www.boxchat.online/#/pages/privacy/privacy
Our tems of use:
https://www.boxchat.online/#/pages/useTerms/useTerms

