Log in now to get exclusive limited luxury costumes, silver coins x9999, ingots x999, and more physical prizes and game props waiting for you from the fan club! The super exciting Three Kingdoms Mowing Unlimited Meat Pigeon Survival Game is here.In the chaotic times of the Three Kingdoms, the lord took orders. Gather heroes from all walks of life, and experience the thrill of ultra-casual combat in extreme pulling through chic movements. The exclusive skills of the famous generals of the Three Kingdoms are matched by you, giving you more freedom and exciting game fun. Now is the time to operate the roulette wheel and let's chat together.Game Features: - Explosive mowing: Super immersive experience of the classic battle of the Three Kingdoms, extreme moving and pulling is super fun. A variety of skills allow you to repel the full-screen monsters at one time, and one skill can scrape down a piece, super decompressing. - Skill matching: You can match the top equipment. Exclusive hero stunts will give you unlimited surprises, and the active and passive collocation with a high degree of freedom will give you a different creative enjoyment of mowing grass. Super liver-protecting casual wandering, you can secure a lot of rare props by touching fish. - Unlimited Meat Pigeon: The classic meat pigeon game gives you unlimited skill superposition, just for super cool fierce fighting. Super free collocation, a lot of surprise combination skills, every game is a new experience. - A lot of benefits: Daily login benefits, exclusive gifts for fan clubs let you get soft hands. Rare props and equipment, limited luxury costumes will be sent to you directly. I'm not afraid that you won't be able to get it, but I'm even more afraid that you won't be able to use it up. -Easy cultivation: Super-speed development of famous generals of the Three Kingdoms, included in the command of the heroes to fight. Exclusive Skills Experience the super skills of different heroes. There are also a lot of mounts and generals of the Three Kingdoms to give you top mowing power.==Contact us==Facebook fan group: https://www.facebook.com/twxxsg/- The content of this game involves violence (but no bloody scenes). According to the game software classification management method, it is classified as protection level 6, and only people over six years old can use it.- This game is free to play, but there are also paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items in the game. Please make moderate consumption according to your personal interests and abilities.- Please pay attention to the game time and avoid addiction. Playing games for a long time will easily affect your work and rest. It is advisable to rest and exercise moderately.- This game is represented by Building Blocks Interactive Entertainment Co., Ltd. If you have any questions, please contact the customer service channel of this game