Have you ever thought about moving on from being poor with nothing? To a high society gentleman with thousands of beautiful women. And entrepreneurs who dominate the business world? In Secretary Don't Come to Flirt Due to being slandered by your boss So you are burdened with a huge debt. and fell into the gutter of lifeBut by fate You will need to rely on outstanding business abilities. Strategic management and investment ability Succeed in building your business dynasty while also experiencing romantic life with beautiful secretaries, actresses and models. Let your rich life begin.[Starring 52 real female actors, developing a harem to help in the ultimate business war]-Are you still dating your virtual boyfriend? Come fall in sweet love With really hot and beautiful actresses like "Mikami Yua" "Arata Arina" and "Kana Momonogi" it's even better.-Communication from the heart Passionate sweetness Chat with actors online and offline dating in the secret garden Create a passionate relationship[Mourning for the legend. Ascend to the peak of power]-Legendary life of an ordinary employee to CEO with beautiful girls and luxury cars. Work with your partners Solve the dangers of business markets And work together to build your own business empire!-PK Business wars cost a lot of money. Rely on your true skills. Promotion step by step Run your own bank and get famous in the financial world[Long time romance Friendship warms the heart]-Follow the story that unlocks the secrets of a beautiful girl. Players and NPCs form an emotional bond. Various plot triggers Unlock the secret garden to go on a date.falling in love with a kiss-Gentle female secretary smart lady lively sweet girl They will follow you through every memorable night. Choose the person you love. Start a romantic journey[Business empire Mr. Perfect]-Stylized game Unlock a wide variety of industries and construction. Expand your business empire and accumulate wealth-Say goodbye to the fate of "loser", make a huge income, meet a beautiful woman, raise an heir, play life to the fullest.