The innovative revolution of "Dialog Glory Edition" adopts the vertical MMO gameplay, which is easy to operate and master with one hand, creating a more friendly gaming experience for those who love action martial arts RPG. The game is developed using the Unity 5 engine to reproduce the classic scenes of Langhuan Paradise, Yanziwu, and Piaomiao Peak, while retaining the original rare beast system, Zhenlong chess game and other gameplay methods, and combining it with the micro-hook system to free up your hands to the maximum extent!★Game Features★◆People in the martial arts world must have martial arts skills!How can you be a big brother if you don't know how to do martial arts when you come out to hang out in the world? The moves of various martial arts schools in the Central Plains are reproduced, and various unique skills can be matched at will. There are also real and exciting battles in the classic dungeons such as Linglong Chess Game, Huashan Sword Theory, and Lao Sanhuan to help you practice your magical skills!◆Easily hang up and play without getting tired!It adopts the vertical MMO display format and tailor-made the micro-hook system, allowing you to moderately free your hands and more easily play the most classic Tianlong Jianghu written by Jin Yong, and become a free and easy knight.◆A good match between brothers and beautiful women!Travel into the world and meet a beauty. Brotherhood, righteousness and blessings coexist, and once we become sworn brothers, we share weal and woe. The game's gang system, personal PVP, marriage system and other strong social gameplay allow you to easily make friends on the rivers and lakes and be accompanied by beauties, and you can enjoy drinking and eating meat without being alone.◆Quickly upgrade treasures to explode the screen!Resources UP↑, level UP↑, gems UP↑, you can level up in seconds after practicing and leveling up, and you won’t be lenient when dropping massive treasures. Easily play and quickly level up, one-click operation to complete it quickly!◆Fight side by side with precious spiritual pets!You must have a good BMW horse to conquer the world. Collect all kinds of rare and exotic animals, whether they are domineering or cute, they have unique shapes and are majestic. In addition to meeting your destined spiritual pet partner here, you can also hatch offspring and cultivate your own pet!★Official information★【Official FB fan page】https://www.facebook.com/tlbb.glory【Customer Service Email】support@cxinhd.com★Warm reminder for "Dialogue: Honor Edition"★System support: Android version 7.0 or above, and mobile phones with memory of 4GB or above. It is recommended to play the game in WIFI mode.※According to the game software classification management regulations, this game software is for tutoring 12-year-olds and can only be used by people over 12 years old.