※Game introduction※ "Slime and Dungeon" is a beautiful girl Roguelike funny adventure RPG game.So far, no one can tell the true origin of the Arms Dungeon. According to the research of Raphael scholars in the floating city, the entire underground city combines various characteristics of several ancient civilizations. The deeper the realm, the older it is, and the curse attached to it becomes more powerful. There are five levels of the realm that humans have explored. "You" - play as a member of the Knights and embark on an adventure journey to conquer the mysterious and unknown Arms Dungeon....※Game Features※ 〓Funny weapons〓▶Equip unique and funny weapons100+ interesting and popular weapons, including refrigerators, golf clubs, pixel swords, five lightning whips, and even NPCs are all powerful weapons for you! Watch carefully! How could anyone be able to carry NPCs and fight monsters!〓Dungeon Adventure〓▶Explore the never-ending maze mapIn Arms Dungeon, everything you encounter is randomly generated...maps, monsters, bosses, treasure chests, events, and treasures. Every exploration is full of unknown possibilities.〓Unique Roguelike〓▶Infinite refresh and double selection of blessing skillsThe unique Roguelike blessing mechanism gives you two opportunities to choose blessing buffs in each round to enhance your combat effectiveness, and each choice will affect the progress of your dungeon exploration.〓Zero Lesson Paradise〓▶The magic outfit depends entirely on brushing, and pets can be caught at willAll equipment in Arms Dungeon comes from monster drops, and the attribute entries of hundreds of different equipment are randomly generated; you can also capture any monster in the maze as a summoned beast, and each summoned beast has its own unique ability. , making the enemy a good partner in fighting with you.〓Lineup Match〓▶Elemental restraint, any combinationFire, water, thunder, wind, rock, grass and other elemental characters can be combined at will. Each element restrains each other. Form a three-person team in Arms Dungeon to create a personalized battle lineup.※Contact us※ ▶FaceBook: https://www.facebook.com/slmydxc