Playful animals with Hipet! Are you a pet lover who can't adopt your own furry friend? Then get your Hipet today! We bring you an application packed with screen overlay tech that allows you to have cats, dogs, and more lovable pets running around your smartphone's home screen.Experience over 100+ styles and unique homes that will make you want to take care of your pet more. Feed, bathe, and put them to bed on time. Your pet will surprise you with hidden abilities and even remind you when you miss a message or when your battery is running low.Not only that, but we offer an array of mini-games that you can play with your adorable pets. Receive amazing rewards and get the latest skins to spice up your pet's home.With a lightweight design and attractive user interface, Hipet is both suitable for ensuring that you are stress-free while having fun at the same time. Just follow a few steps, and you're on your way to exciting new companionship. Download Hipet today and take home some fantastic new pets that will keep you smiling all day long!♥ADOPT♥- When you download Hipet, choose your first cat or dog♥Learn to care for pets♥- Feeding on time"I'm so hungry" is your pet's feeding signal. But you can set feeding times in advance so that pets don't starve to death because of your negligence.- Bathe your pet on timeYour pets will look at you pitifully and remind you to bathe them.- Put your pets to sleepWhen you don't want your pets on the home screen, put them to sleep. Energetic pets can have surprising hidden skills.- Play games with your love petsThere are many of mini games for you and your pets to play. You can get the corresponding rewards by playing the small games, so as to get the updated pet's skin, etc.APPLICATION ADVANTAGES❤️ So many cute pets🧡 Attractive user interface💛 Lightweight💙 Relax with funny mini-gameSIMPLE TO USE1. Open Hipet - Desktop pet2. Enable "Display over other apps" permission2. Select your favorite character3. Enjoy with cute pet run on your screenCome and get your lovely home screen pets!