[Pocket Warrior]--Fight for the world and dominate the Three Kingdoms!

The most fun Strategic Idle game in 2023, vertical version, one-hand operation. And you can enjoy a lot of benefits since the beginning of the game! Battle from South to north, recruit famous generals, reproduce the classic scenes of the Three Kingdoms. Immediately join the legions of the world, compete in the national war, and fight for world domination!

Description:
In the magnificent era of the Three Kingdoms, an epic journey of war is about to unfold in a  joyful way. As the lord of the turbulent world, you will build your own city, recruit your own soldiers, establish a powerful army, gather backup, and gradually grow your power.
With rich game content and beautiful graphics that provide an immersive experience, join "Pocket Warrior" now and start your journey!

==Game Features==
[Vertical Version &amp; Cartoon Three Kingdoms]
Latest animation production technology, the various generals are rendering lifelike in the dynamic module, vertical one-handed operation, reproducing more than 300 historical generals, more than 100 classic battles, the continuation of the traditional Three Kingdoms worldview, reproduction of the original flavor of the ancient Three Kingdoms.

[Idle &amp; Easy Cultivating]
AFK, auto play to get rich resource rewards, newbie benefit quests and dungeon rewards are ready for you from the beginning. Exempt from the pre-training of generals troubles, no pressure to become stronger, enjoy the adventure experience of unification of the world.

[Strategic Formation]
The four major types of generals, warriors, mages, auxiliary, tanks, assassins, and six grades of green, blue, purple, yellow, orange and red, made it flexible to set lineup of occupations with the adjustment of the formation, experience a variety of skills with the timing of the release of the must-have victory over the enemy, to experience the fun of the strategic battle.

[Formation Restraints &amp; Synergy Bonus]
Through the stormy journey of the Three Kingdoms, you will gradually activate General Log in the unique cultivation system, obtain Zhuge Liang, Lu Bu, Guan Yu, Liu Bei and other famous generals, and go forward with Date Masamune, Maeda Keiji, Ashikaga Yoshiteru. Unlock the synergy bonuses, and make use of lineup restraint to obtain the collision of a variety of lineup collocation.

[Gathering of Elites for World Domination]
Reproduction of the Three Kingdoms Central Plains map, rich PVP / PVE gameplays, either single-handedly or with a group of friends to fight side by side, can be flexible to change the collocation to challenge all kinds of big BOSS, killing out to write a chapter of your own legend.

If you have problems with the game or need more information about the game, please contact us through the following ways:
Facebook Fan Page: https://www.facebook.com/pocketwarrioren/
Discord: https://discord.com/channels/1128238413691228201/1141574893998190652