BUILD from the ground up and enjoy the fun of bringing beautiful 3D homes to life.
PLAY classic games such as snakes &amp; ladders and compete for free prizes..
SPIN the wheel to win endless coin rewards and embrace new surprises every time you play.
EXCITING events updated regularly for more variety, diversity, creativity and fun! 

REALIZE YOUR DREAMS: 
Do you wish to own many houses? Do you like watching hgtv, house flipping or fixer upper shows? Do you want to be part of a house makeover project? Have you ever imagined you could flip, remodel, renovate, decorate, transform or design entire homes? Here you will experience a new real life simulation of the house construction process, which recreates every step of building a house from the exterior to the interior decor. Grow your knowledge about home building and have fun at the same time! Become a crafting master! Build the casa of your dream in this creative simulator game, amazingly satisfying stress reliever.

SOCIAL PARTY: 
Be part of this passionate online social community where girls and boys can equally enjoy! Match up with other real players during special events and compete for the top place at the leaderboard ranking. Come out victorious among friends in the special boss campaigns. Invite your Facebook friends to play together and receive bonuses! There are so many game features that everyone will find its favorite one, either you prefer attacking others, raiding for treasures, firing at monsters, or other idle game features. Just relax your mind and go enjoy the pleasant relaxing experience for free. Develop good habits of helping each other, contribute to the growth of the game family.

YOUR VIRTUAL HOME: 
Visualize realistic 3D graphics, stunning resolution, wallpaper grade high-quality image throughout the entire game. Each house has its own unique charm and style, simulating the scenery of various parts of the world, and giving you a little taste of different cultures wherever you are. We guarantee for a new immersive experience never felt in other sims game. Make wood from cutting trees or by clearing the forest, mow the lawn, take care of your garden, weld containers, color walls, and many more improvement projects. Feel the warmth and comfort of home through our game from anywhere you are, as it indeed offers many ways for you to have fun during small time slots!

INSPIRING STYLES:
Either you prefer simulating a calm satisfying corner, such as a lake house, a cottage, an urban property or a farm house; from the simplest of homes to the grandest of spacious places, such as a mansion, a castle, or a villa; a warm spot, such as a bungalo, a garden, or a ranch; you will certainly fall in love with one of them. Either you like remodeling, makeover a shipping container or a windmill into homes; either you want classic Greek, Italian, Japanese or futuristic styles; we have all the choices. Plus, you can admire the houzz scenery in full 3D 360 degrees. Snatch top Instagram pictures of your fancy houses. Rent them out to constantly earn energy, live the life of a property tycoon.

EXCITING GAME ACTIVITIES:
Defeat the dragon for huge coin money rewards; play as if you were a zlo landlord and rent out your property to earn energy; collect studio theme cards for special attributes; and more addicting matters, yours to discover. Just like in idle auto-clicker games, you can keep both of your hands free. This has simple controls: single hand, single finger, single button. Bet higher to win more coins from the wheel. Time is more valuable than money, you will intuitively feel the value of the time you invest in this unique simulation! Win many gifts for your kasa gratis in events. 

Brothers and Sisters, learn more and follow us at: 
Website: https://behefun.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/myhomemyworlddesigngames 

FREE TO PLAY mobile game with in-app purchases.
NOTE: This game requires an online connection to play.