600+ top-quality Binaural Beats and Isochronic Tones combined with relaxing ambient music and soothing nature sounds. Originally produced by The Unexplainable Store® which is one of the most renowned Brainwave specialists in the world.  Selected programs for Focus, Relaxation, Sleep, Meditation, Anxiety, Depression, Stress Relief, Positive Mind, Confidence, Memory, Healing, Brain Function, and much more!* FEATURES- Improve concentration and memory- Total relaxation of the entire body from head to toe- Reduce Anxiety or Relieve Stress & Stay Calm- Enhance cognitive ability- Increase ability to meditate- Treat ADHD and personality disorders- Ease the symptoms of depression- Beat insomnia and calm sleep like a baby- Enhance the ability to find solutions- Subconsciously stay motivated to lose weight- Improve language learning skills- Develop a money mindset*HIGHLIGHTS- 600+ original brainwave sounds- Recommended by millions of brainwave lovers- Created by master-level experts & teachers around the world- Real time sounds, not pre-recorded- New sounds released continuously- Covering all sections for day and night use- Playable for both Headphones/Earbuds and Speaker- FREE sessions to try out- Daily guide section to help you develop the habit- Personal playlist- Download function- Download the app FOR FREE*HOW IT WORKS?5 main types of brain waves:Delta wave: Delta wave is a frequency of 0.5–4 Hz with links to a dreamless sleep. This will help you have better deep sleep.Theta wave: Theta wave is a frequency of 4–7 Hz. It contributes to improved meditation, creativity, and sleep in the rapid eye movement (REM) phase.Alpha wave: Alpha wave is at a frequency of 7–13 Hz and may encourage relaxation.Beta wave: Beta wave is at a frequency of 13–30 Hz. This frequency range may help promote concentration and alertness.Gamma wave: Gamma wave is a frequency higher than 30 Hz. These frequencies promote the maintenance of arousal while a person is awake.These 5 brain waves work in different ways, but the basic principles are the same. It takes some time to work, so we strongly recommend listening to it for around 15 minutes every day. You will get unexpected results in a month.------------------------------------------------------------------------Brainwaves use the latest brainwave entrainment (large-scale electrical oscillations in the brain which will naturally synchronize to the rhythm periodic external stimuli) technology combined with neuroscience and psychology. And all the Isochronic Tones are 320 Bitrate! Looking at the effects of our brainwave music using fMRI and EEG, the brain state is more active while listening to our brainwave music than listening to other music.They are very helpful for relaxation, focus, sleep, health, spiritual, creativity and study.-----------------------------------------------------------------------Terms of use: http://www.imoblife.net/PrivacyPolicy/Terms_of_Use.htmlPrivacy policy: http://www.imoblife.net/PrivacyPolicy/Contact us: Feedback@imoblife.net