Xiaohongshu is a lifestyle platform that inspires people to discover and connect with a range of diverse lifestyles, where over 200 million users every month share their life experiences. [Interesting lifestyles] Here is where you uncover lifestyle trends and a range of diverse interests and hobbies that are popular among young people, from recent trends such as stove-boiled tea, camping in the wild, frisbee and other outdoor activities, to hobbies such as discovering fashion styles, cooking, reading, painting, sports and fitness. Unlock new interests and connect with like-minded people on Xiaohongshu. [Sincere and useful livestreams] No pressure, only good products are shared here. Start your livestream journey on Xiaohongshu - featuring Dong Jie, Teresa Cheung, Jingchu Zhang and many other talented hosts, who are not only knowledgable about shopping, but also knowledgable about life. Watch them talk about unique fashion pieces and accessories, the best beauty and skincare finds, aesthetically-pleasing home decor, healthy snacks, and more……Even if you don’t buy anything, you will still learn something. [The lesser-known side of celebrities] From Dali travel enthusiast Li Xian, to snowboarder Angelababy, to Lang Lang and his life outside of the music hall……You can find celebrities sharing their camping, horseback-riding, and hiking outdoor experiences, as well as their stay-at-home, cooking, and fishing slow living. Catch a glimpse of celebrities’ real life off-screen. [Popular picks] The best of Xiaohongshu content. Discover the warmth of the community, find inspiration in the small moments in everyday life, and learn about the latest trending topics and current affairs...With updates every day, unlock a variety of ways to tap into Xiaohongshu. [A guide to local life] As a platform where locals are actively sharing their experiences, Xiaohongshu offers timely, friendly and practical information on topics such as apartment-hunting, job-searching, wedding planning, things to do on the weekend…..The best tips, tricks and reviews are present here, from education to travel, all written by knowledgable locals. [High-quality post templates] The perfect way to create hit posts, or make content the way your favorite influencers do - create cool photos and videos using Xiaohongshu templates! Try out templates for your food/fashion/pets/travel/outdoors/daily life content, and enhance all the moments recorded in life. Download Xiaohongshu and get inspired by connecting with a range of diverse and interesting people from all over the world. Share and discover the beauty of the world through Xiaohongshu! 