Eitian×Jinguang Puppet Show LinkageThe protagonist [Shi Yanwen] makes a strong new appearanceSign in online to receive the out-of-print linkage title for a limited timeLog in to share 800 million yuan treasureExclusive 8888 Yuanbao benefitsThe new game "New Heaven and Dragon Sword" adapted from Jin Yong's original novel is coming, with an original immersive martial arts plot and a martial arts card RPG===========Game Features===========· Portable Jianghu: The classic ink painting style interprets martial arts Jianghu, bamboo forest battles, and ancient main cities, bringing the real original background.· Main plot: An immersive plot experience where you and the protagonist "Zhang Wuji" travel all the way through the world and experience love and hatred!· Magical weapons and secret treasures: The Great Shift of the Universe, the Nine-Yang Manual, the Heavenly Sword, the Dragon-Slaying Knife, hundreds of martial arts techniques, unique skills, and magical weapons, which can be freely combined and matched in a variety of ways!· Tavern Recruitment:Zhang Sanfeng, Zhang Wuji, Zhou Zhiruo, Zhao Min and other classic characters will be accompanied by you. Multiple knights will be developed, multiple formations, and multiple strategies!· Rich gameplay: Limited-time fun mini-games, Siege of Guangmingding, Raising Knife Conference, are relaxing and relaxing, and you won’t get tired of playing them.· Mall buying and selling:  Multiple purchase channels such as auctions, markets, and gang malls allow you to master upgrade resources at one hand.·Multiple benefits:Get 8888 gold ingots for free online, red legendary knight "Zhu'er" and orange skills will be broadcast for seven days. Online benefits are easy to get.【Martial Arts Master I want them all】Shaolin, Wudang, Emei, Kongtong, Kunlun, Huashan, Mingjiao and other major masters take turns to appear on the stage, gathering a group of heroes to accompany you in the world. [Strong lineup, free matching]Different knights have their own unique skills. Zhang Sanfeng's Tai Chi can deal high damage, Zhao Min can restore all vitality and blood, Kong Jian's golden body is indestructible to protect the whole team, and others include dizziness, anger reduction, poison poisoning, defense reduction, etc. A variety of other skills allow you to create ever-changing lineups! [Zhenwu's unique skill: you will become stronger when you encounter a strong one]To cultivate the meridians of knights, to cut through the meridians and cleanse the marrow to advance, there are hundreds of martial arts secret books, free combination of unique mental methods, Jiuyang Shengong, Zhenwu Seven-section Sword, Tiyunzong, Shaolin one-finger bomb and other exercises. Everyone can achieve a master! 【Conscience places it, adventures continue】There are many hidden ways to play, and you can get high profits just by participating. You can travel around the rivers and lakes, the Thousand Treasures Tower, challenge the boss, encounter adventures in ancient tombs, etc. You can pick up treasures everywhere.[Roguelike copy rewrites destiny]Enter the difficulty level instance and re-choose your life. Whether to prevent the tragedy at Zhou Zhiruo's wedding and rewrite Xiao Zhao's regret in taking over as the Mingjiao saint, it's all up to you. [Weapon Forging, Sword Battle]How can one lack a good weapon in martial arts practice? Knights who like to collect and explore can use resources to create their own Dragon-Slaying Sword and Heavenly Sword, and command the world, and no one dares to disobey! ■The content of this game involves fights, attacks and other scenes that are not bloody or slightly scary. According to the game software classification management method, it is classified as Auxiliary Level 12■This game is free to use. The game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.■If you play games for a long time, please pay attention to the usage time and avoid being addicted to games. [Contact Us] Facebook page customer service: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61550818406660Facebook community: https://www.facebook.com/groups/867703458019479