Want to make a music video with your photos and amaze everyone? Or impress your friends and fans with a stunning Insta story? Now you can use Vidshow, the best photo video editor and video maker with music for FREE! Transform and merge your photos into best-looking video clips easily with this finest music video editor and make your own photo slideshow with music now! Vidshow(Formerly Vidmate)  – Music Photo Video Maker with Effects helps you to be a photo video kine master. Numerous popular themes and templates for video making are now available in this FREE music video maker! You can also find a wide variety of trendy background music to choose from! Beginners? No worries! Vidshow is a great power director for you to make awesome videos with ease.Download this photo video editor and music video maker for free now, create and share your creative videos, and get more likee and fans! === Easiest 3-step Editing ===1. Choose a stylish effect template 2. Upload your photos and click OK 3. Export your video and share Vidshow is the easiest-using photo video editor and music video maker. It can also help you to get more likee and fans on Instagram, Twitter, and other social media! Use this power director and make your viva video and Playit now! === Main Features ===VidShow is a great photo music video editor with cool templates, unique transitions, trendy beat music, and high-quality export.---☆ Templates ☆---★ High-quality editing process★ Easy-to-use effect templates with fascinating transitions★ Create slideshows with an UNLIMITED mix of photo clip---☆ Transitions ☆---★ 3D, Cartoon, Neon, Glitch… All the stunning transitions you want!★ The distinctive transition follows the exact beat.ly music rhythm★ Make your photos move with your heartbeat ---☆ Music Video ☆---★ Photo video maker with varieties of beat music - always find the background music that fits your photo video best! ★ Choose your favorite beat template, upload your photo and videos and easily create videos with music. ★ Create entertaining short video clips with the most recent popular beat music!---☆ No Account Required ☆---★ Tired of tedious process of register? No worries this time! ★ Just download VidShow for FREE and start creating mv! ---☆ Share seamlessly ☆---★ Export and share music videos with high-quality★ Share your creative Music Video to Facebook, Instagram and other SNS anytime and anywhere★ Get more Likee as you wish! VidShow is the best photo video maker which helps you make your own video clips easily. Only 3 steps needed, you can get more likes and followers in your social media account anytime anywhere. Download VidShow photo video editor app for free, make your own photo music video, make your viva video and Playit, share on Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and all social media, and impress your fans now! Have any questions for VidShow – Music Photo Video Maker with Effects? Don’t hesitate to contact us via wise.owl.pte@gmail.com!