We are committed to taking you to a higher level of art through aesthetics and shiny editing. The integrated portrait-based photo editor can spice up your photos and make them distinguishing and outstanding on social media which improves your popularity and personality.

#Time Machine &amp; Cartoon Effect#
Let the time machine take you through time and space, help you retrieve your childhood memories, and help you see your future self. Use the cartoon effect editor to create your own cartoon avatar with one click.

#Magic Fx with Glitzy &amp; Vintage Filters#
Nostalgic and retro filters bring you back to the old time while glowing effects keep your photos stunning and eye-catching. You can also edit the photos with basic adjustments.

#Creative Templates with High Quality#
There are a large number of templates provided here, you can refresh your photos with just one tap and create stunning dynamic effects.

#Dynamic Stickers with Style#
It would be cooler if you add stylish and dynamic stickers to the photos. A fascinating art world can be created here, and everyone is welcome to come and experience it.

Subscription Service Conditions:
The price will be differed from country to country according to the Price Matrix. Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable.

If you have good suggestions or ideas, you can contact us in the following ways:
Email address: leapdev2021@outlook.com

Terms of service:
http://www.inleapcam.com/html/termsofservice.html
Privacy policy:
http://www.inleapcam.com/html/privacypolicy.html