Welcome to REELDOM — a movie viewing application, different from video applications tv360, FPT Play and VTVgo.REELDOM-a movie viewing application that only lasts 2 minutes per episode, a more condensed plot will take you into another world.Whether you love suspense, intrigue or indulge in the sweetness of romantic love, from dramatic to touching, from surprising to warm, we always have movies to suit your preferences.【Many exciting new movies &TV】《Cuu Gia's beloved wife》- A lie between the triangular relationship of Cuu Gia and two twin sisters with many attractive intertwining details, with sadness, tragedy, intrigue combined with sweet scenes Sweet, cruel and cruel love makes you unable to take your eyes off, so who is the real one? 《Love again from the beginning》 When you have it, you don't know how to appreciate it. When you lose it, you run everywhere looking for it. Faced with love and hatred, harsh situations, how will they handle it? 《Secretary I Love You》The female lead falls into adversity, is forced to marry a stranger, but on her wedding day the CEO saves her. From then on, the two gradually fell into a deep spiral of enemies with many complicated relationships.【Can be viewed anytime, anywhere】With an episode only 2 minutes long, you can freely watch interesting and addictive storylines anytime, anywhere. When resting, on the way to work, when coming home from work or at home, you can take advantage of the climax and thrilling scenes of the movie. With high definition cinema technology, it will give you the best experience, feeling like you are living in the story with the characters.【Constantly updated】We are committed to providing you with the best movie viewing experience. Therefore, we will try to continuously update the latest episodes, so that you can freely pursue great scenes. The episode list is updated weekly. Let's explore the colorful world of movies, while opening up a new short film route, capturing unforgettable moments.【Favorite movie recommendation】Based on your preferences and personal movie viewing diary, we will recommend movies that suit your tastes, free movie viewing appDownload now to enter a different world, enjoy and share your interests with the audience and find more interesting and wonderful movies.If you have any questions, please contact customer service zalo: 0764158223