Welcome to the enchanted realm of Mavia! Dive into a captivating 3D world that combines stunning visuals, immersive special effects, and a gaming experience unparalleled in mobile. Heroes of Mavia invites you to forge your legacy.Step foot onto the land of Mavia, where your realm awaits:Construct your base, fortify your defenses, and ready your army for battle.Command an array of troops including the valiant Striker, precise Markswoman, mighty Brute, and the fiery Blaze.Embark on epic journeys with legendary Heroes like Mira, Brutus, and the formidable Warlord.Unleash the full power of your army with dazzling graphics at a buttery smooth 60 FPS.Express yourself! Customize your base, troops, and Heroes with a myriad of colors and skins.Strategize, collaborate, and conquer. Join forces with friends, challenge rivals, and rise to dominance in the world of Mavia.Classic Features:Assemble an Alliance with like minded players or spearhead your own legacy by inviting comrades.Engage in epic Alliance Wars against a global community of players, putting your strategy and teamwork to the test.Rise through the ranks and claim your spot on the global leaderboard.Amass resources and loot from adversaries to bolster your base and empower your army.Master the art of war by devising unique strategies with an expansive combination of troops and Heroes.Revel in the camaraderie as you spectate teammates in real-time or relive the thrill with video replays.Challenge your prowess in various PvP modes, special events, and more.What's holding you back, Commander? The destiny of Mavia awaits your leadership.PLEASE NOTE! Heroes of Mavia is free to download and play. However, certain in-game items can also be bought with real money. If you'd prefer not to use this feature, kindly disable in-app purchases in your device settings. According to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy, you must be at least 13 years of age to play or download Heroes of Mavia.A stable network connection is necessary for an optimal gaming experience.Player Reviews: Proudly boasting rave reviews, Heroes of Mavia stands tall as a fan-favorite in the App Store.For more gaming fun, keep an eye on our upcoming releases!Support: Encountering issues, Commander? Visit https://www.mavia.com/help or contact us in-game by navigating to Settings > Help and Support.Privacy Policy: https://www.mavia.com/privacy-policyTerms of Service: https://www.mavia.com/terms-of-serviceCommander, Mavia beckons. Are you up for the challenge?