Are the hundreds of similar images on your phone annoying you? Are you struggling with how to quickly clean up a large number of useless screenshots? Try the Easy Speed Booster, just tap a few buttons to remove them!

By trying out our application, you can:
Similar image cleaning
Duplicate Image Cleanup
Keep Best Picture
Similar video cleaning

Please rest assured that you can still decide which image to keep, and we will not delete any files without your permission.
Just spend a little time on our application and you can get a neat and organized photo album.

Other practical functions
Network text: Help you detect network speed
Dust removal: Clean the dust and debris in the phone hole through vibration
swipe Clean: Display photos in a stacked manner, and you can quickly process them by simply sliding your fingers: leaving or deleting them

Say goodbye to a slow and overloaded phone. Experience the refreshing power of Easy Speed Booster as it transforms your device into a sleek, optimized companion.  Download Easy Speed Booster today and enjoy a fast and reliable mobile experience like never before.

Start a free trial to familiarize yourself with all the app’s features.

[Easy Speed Booster Auto Renewal VIP Statement]
1. Subscription Terms: 
Choose between the following subscription options for unlimited access to all features:
• Weekly Subscription with 3-day free trail
• Yearly Subscription 
2. Upon confirmation of purchase, your iTunes account will be charged, and the subscription will automatically renew unless the automatic renewal is turned off at least 24 hours prior to the end of the current subscription. Your account will be charged for renewal 24 hours prior to the end of your current subscription, and renewal expenses will be determined.
3. Any features not used within the 3-day trial period will be terminated when the user pays for the subscription to this service.
4. To cancel your subscription, please open "Settings" on your Apple phone - go to "iTunes store and Apple store", - click on "Apple ID" and select "View Apple ID", enter the "Account Settings" page, click "Subscriptions", and select Easy Speed Booster VIP to cancel your subscription.
5. User Agreement: https://hotspeed-booster.com/term.html
6. Privacy Policy: https://hotspeed-booster.com/privacy.html
7. Subscription notice: https://hotspeed-booster.com/subscription.html
E-mail: Marksw1989@proton.me