Trade W - Trading vs investment for beginners &amp; pro: MT4 Trading Platform, Trade Invest anywhere anytime.
One account, limitless possibility, invest through your phone, practice and analyze, experience real-life trading here.
Open your investing account, open account with 0 fee, learn to invest and trade online.
Trade W is a regulated platform, we support English, Chinese (Simplified and Traditional), Indonesian, Vietnamese etc. You can choose your own language from our extensive list

Easy-to-Use

Simple and intuitive user interface, learn it at a glance, incorporate MT4 trading system and a large number of indicator and technical analysis tools to help you gain profit through your trades

Wide varieties of instruments to trade

In Trade W, you can choose to trade trading instrument that you like, invest and trade anywhere anytime, multiple asset types, for example:
Stock index: Nasdaq, Hang Seng Index
Metal: Gold, Silver

Free demo account for life

The free demo account allows you to experience real trading in a risk-free environment. Through continuous practice in demo account, you can improve your investment skill. All registered customer will get 2000 gold coin to practice in demo account. This coin can be reset at any time.

You can switch to real account at any time according to your situation. Deposit real funds into your account and invest anywhere anytime
Create account easily
Create your own investment account easily with just a few taps. You can register quickly with your Google and Facebook accounts, or you can register with your email address and phone number
Fund Management
You can see all the records of your profit and loss in ‘Details’. Manage your funds easily.
Why Us?
1. Reliable
The global trading market is huge and there are very few opportunities for individuals and institutions to manipulate price
2. Easy to Trade
This is a huge market with very high liquidity
3. Start trading from $3
Low entry requirements, everyone can invest
4. Provide free financial news and price quotes 7x24h
5. Provide opportunities to trade anytime
6. High Leverage 1:500
7. Quick deposit and withdrawal
8. Instant Deposit, arrive in your account in seconds
Withdrawals on office hours will be processed in 5 minutes
9. Order execution speed up to 0.03s
10. Set stop loss and take profit, pending order, manage your risk easily
TradeW-Broker you can rely
We have been involved in the investment industry for years.
We value every customer. You can contact our Live Chat to get a 1-on-1 customer support. You can also send us email to ask question; We will serve you wholeheartedly.
You only need 3 seconds to set up your account. Start your trading journey at TradeW.
Trading carries risk, please consider your risk tolerance.
