We are destined to live up to the dream of the Three Kingdoms!The national cross-server war is in full swing. Massive gifts will be given out online, and Zhao Yun will be given gold to General Zhao Yun in seven days! [Game Background]When the initial flames of war were ignited, no one knew that the short-lived peace had been broken.Under the bewitchment of the demon, the ambition of the heroes continued, the separatism continued in chaos, and the Three Kingdoms fell into endless chaos.But who stipulates that the Three Kingdoms can only accept the fate of destruction?The goddess of destiny has a compassionate heart, controls the power of destiny, and seeks the law to end the war.In the True Dragon Pavilion, the prophecy of the prophet mirror, which had been silent for thousands of years, reappeared——Destined talents wander in troubled times.On the day when destiny turns, the true dragon reappears!In an instant, the sky and the earth shifted, and the goddess's call came from the True Dragon Pavilion."Seven Kills, Po Jun, Greedy Wolf...the gods of destiny will return to their positions!""According to destiny, the gods will assist the lord in conquering the Three Kingdoms and ending the troubled times!"The three kingdoms are reunited, and the dawn suddenly appears.Who is in charge of the general trend of the world?[Game Features]-Change destiny against heaven and rewrite the New Three KingdomsMillions of players have praised it, a new aesthetic experience of the Destiny Three Kingdoms. Return to the Three Kingdoms and immerse yourself in the big world, rewrite the history of the Three Kingdoms, and achieve your destiny!-Destiny awakens, God will be unparalleled in the worldGuan Yu, Zhao Yun, Lu Bu... Collect all the God Generals of the Three Kingdoms, use diverse card combinations, and the blessing of the Destiny Star System to unlock a new experience with the classic God Generals! Awakening the bonds of God and stimulating unparalleled combo skills, doubling combat power is no longer a dream!-Start fighting instantly, you can fight everything you seeThere is no war between countries, there is no Three Kingdoms! Reject mindless marching and start fighting anytime and anywhere! The immersive battle with thousands of people on the same screen truly restores the cruelty and charm of the Three Kingdoms War!-A real beauty can make a hero bowMen’s happiness, you know! Loyal to pure desire, dote on the beauties in the harem alone! Real beauties Xiaoxuan, Xiunai, and Kelly are waiting for you! Increase intimacy, discover new postures, and super exciting interactions are waiting for you to unlock!-Build formations and build cities to plan the worldArrange your troops and use strategies to defeat the enemy. This battlefield is ever-changing. Only by controlling the right time, place and people can you defeat the strong and turn the tables! Build a city, train an army, and create an impregnable exclusive kingdom to satisfy every man's romance!【Warm reminder】For more game information, you can consult the Destiny of the Three Kingdoms fan page, or you can join the discussion in the player discussion community ~Official fan page: https://www.facebook.com/fate3kdOfficial discussion group: https://www.facebook.com/groups/fate3kd*Because this software involves violence, dating, and sex (the game characters wear clothing that highlights sexual characteristics), it is classified as Auxiliary Level 12 according to the game software classification management method.*This game is free to use. The game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.*If you play games for a long time, please pay attention to the usage time and avoid being addicted to the game.