17LIVE is a live streaming platform featuring the most exciting live streamers from around the world. Watch, chat, and support your favorite live streamer with digital gifts. With over 50M downloads worldwide and thousands of live streamers - there’s a 17LIVE live streamer for everybody!WATCH endless amounts of live streamers perform and showcase their unique talents. Our platform features a variety of streamers, from world-renowned artists performing virtual concerts to everyday live streamers cooking, gaming, dancing, and just chatting (IRL). CHAT directly with live streamers in real-time. Interact with live streamers and viewers in the full-featured live chat. Join our close-knit community and meet new people!SUPPORT your favorite live streamer by sending them gifts. There are hundreds of unique animated gifts to choose from. Drum up authentic reactions from live streamers in real-time when you send them digital gifts!BUILD an authentic, personal connection with your live streamer. Unlike short-form content, watch, chat, and be a part of every live streaming moment! DISCOVER live streamers based on your interests and watching habits. Explore a constant stream of live entertainment from around the world, 24/7. GET the attention of popular live streamers with exclusive user badges and comment frames. Collect these special rewards by being a top supporter and grab the room’s attention whenever you chat in a live stream.PARTICIPATE in weekly and monthly events with live streamers. Help streamers compete, move up the leaderboard, and win cool prizes by sending event gifts!Website: https://about.17.live/Premium Subscription: Get special offersPay $9.49 per month for Premium. Premium subscriptions will be charged to your app store account at confirmation of purchase. It will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period. Accounts will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal can be turned off by navigating to the user's Account Settings after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where applicable. For more information, please refer to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use: http://17.media/policies/terms?lang=us