Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy is the professional version of QR &amp; Barcode Scanner - QR Code Creator &amp; QR Maker. Compared with the basic version, it provides more features and templates：

Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy, barcode scanner app focuses on the core functionality to scan and read the most common types of QR codes and barcodes with super fast speed and delightful user experience, designed for iphone.

Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy, barcode scanner app is extremely easy to use. It simply uses the IOS phone's camera to scan and read QR code and barcode in a second then allows you to do appropriate actions effectively.

Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy,barcode scanner FOR IPHONE helps you to scan and read all types of QR code and barcodes: Contact Info, Phone, Email, Website, Product, Text, SMS, Wifi, Map Location, Calendar Event and more…

Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy, barcode scanner app can also read and help you to check the country origin and product information of a barcode to reduce the possibility of buying low quality or unknown origin products.

QR code scanner, barcode scanner app doesn’t require any special permission, it doesn’t collect any personal information or access to your device storage, contact list, or anything else. It’s simply a QR code reader app to help you scan QR codes and scan barcodes on the go, everywhere, using IOS phones.

QR code scanner, barcode reader app also has a QR generator feature allowing you to generate your own QR codes with different types easily

Main Features
All in one QR Code Scanner, Barcode generator
Generate QR Code for all types
Functional Barcode Generator &amp; Barcode Creator
Custom patterns
Simple list for generated QR code and templates


Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy- QR Creator &amp; Barcode Generator allows you to generate QR code. You can generator business QR code and personal QR code easily.



Super-fast, super-lightweight, and easy to use

Appropriate actions on each QR code or Barcode: search on Google / Yahoo / Bing / Ecosia / DuckDuckGo, open a webpage, add a contact, send an email, call a phone number, connect to a wifi network, add an event to calendar...

History with search and filter

Advanced setting options to ensure the scanner is optimized for your own IPHONE's camera

Batch scan mode: Scan multiple QR codes and barcodes at once

Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy: generate QR code using your phone.
If the Scaner-Secure&amp;Proxy - QR Code Maker &amp; Barcode Generator is helpful for you, please rate us 5 stars