Animator can make any photos alive! With advanced AI technology, you can create fun and expressive videos with your selfies. 

Animator also supports other special effects like cartoon faces, group photos, pet photos, old photos, and so on, any photo that includes a face can be dynamic in our app with just one click.

#TURN PHOTOS INTO VIDEO#
Make a video for the people in the photo! Play with your family and friends, and make fun singing and talking videos.

#MULTI TALENT#
Provide fake singing, acting, b-box, and more animate templates. Make you become the most talented person on your social media. Make special funny videos anytime.

#YESTERDAY ONCE MORE#
Bring your old photos back to life. Family photos, childhood photos, and photos of your grandparents bring the good old time back to life again.

#CARTOON EFFECT#
Just need to insert a photo and we will form a cartoon character and edit it into the template you want.

#MUTIL-PEOPLE#
We support group photos and make everyone in the photo move and dance at the same time just with one click. Come and try it with your friends.

#LET YOUR PET TALK#
Bring your favorite pet photos into real life. You can make any pet photos sing, talk, and shake heads.

#NEW CONTENT EVERY DAY #
New effect every day waiting for you to try. Just upload a photo and we will put the artistic effect on and change it into a video. We have a wide range of facial effects, change your age (become younger or older), and change your gender.

The app is free to download, but we also offer a subscription service, and subscribers can enjoy more features and content.

Subscription Service Conditions:
• You can subscribe for one week or one month, a one-year auto-renewing subscription, the price may vary from country depending on the price matrix.
• Payment will be charged to your iTunes account at confirmation of purchase.
• Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
• Your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours before the end of the current period.
• You can manage your subscription and switch off auto-renewal by accessing your Account Settings in the App Store after purchase.
• Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited if you purchase a subscription to that publication.
• All personal data is handled under the terms and conditions of Animator's privacy policy.

If you have good suggestions or ideas, you can contact us at the following email address: userservice001@hotmail.com
Our privacy &amp; terms:
Privacy Policy : https://www.animatorai.com/privacy.html
Terms of Service : https://www.animatorai.com/TermsOfService.html
