Dark Color: Paint By Number is the special limited dark edition of Paint Color: Paint By Number, which goes above and beyond to bring everyone a de-stress  coloring experience of modern dark artwork. Coloring pages of more styles, try the full version-[Paint Color: Paint By Number].

Step into a Dark Christmas like no other, where Santa wears a sinister grin, snowmen have a chilling secret, and the Christmas tree conceals mysterious surprises. Our Creepy Christmas coloring pages are perfect for those who prefer their festivities with a dark twist.
Whether you're a fan of creepy creatures, or gothic decorations, or simply want to break away from the traditional festive norm, our coloring pages offer a unique and spooky way to celebrate the season.

What's Special？
Dark Color: Paint By Number features exclusive coloring pages from trendy IPs and many popular dark pictures for all tastes- Bloody Girls, Gothic, Vampire, Devil, Demon, Ghost, Skeleton, Wild Animal, Horror Objects, etc. Dark Color also contains special content like sexy characters, lovely movie characters, &amp; New Year Celebration pages. 

Set aside some time for creative expression with a coloring sheet designed by National Bell Festival artist-in-residence, Cris Clapp Logan. Each original black ink illustration is ready for you to unleash your colorful imagination.

It’s an entertaining way to kill time, create and release your inner artist for free. Pick the right color number and paint color, you will achieve a beautiful art page masterpiece, pixel art, coloring book for adults, paint by number coloring games &amp; adult coloring book without any skills!

Key Features of Paint Color:

1. Swift &amp; easy to draw your own pics
Perfect for every skill level, you can bring the coloring pages to life on your own. Dark Color: Paint by Number creates a new way to play coloring games- paint by number. 

The art pages in our coloring book for adults require no specific skills. All you need do is choose a number and color, then tap the shade to follow the clues. Coloring paint by number is piece of cake.

2. Newly designed paintings update daily
All the paintings are carefully designed by our own designers. Dark Color follows the trend to update the most popular pictures daily to make you catch the trend timely. 

3. Color by number anytime &amp; anywhere
Bring your phone with you, coloring by number is available all the time with no internet limit.

4. Quick Sharing on social networks
You can easily download your finished paintings, share them with your friends, and post your coloring works on social networks (Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat...). Share the app and play together!

5. Fun events to explore for happy holidays
Dark Color creates exclusive coloring even to celebrate all the holidays. The Christmas coloring journey ends happily, and Valentine's Day coloring journey continues! 

Other Features of Dark Color: Color by Number:
- Review your process by watching a short video after completing the color by number
- Download your color paint by numbers pic to set it as wallpaper
- More kinds of paint by numbers pics such as pixel art, sandbox coloring…
- Explore the achievements system and get a bonus for more hints and a special coloring book
- Full-screen mode, zoom in and out for the best viewing

Dark Color: Paint by Number is a secret weapon for killing your time.  And it’s also an attractive coloring book for younger people: painting by numbers will improve their patience, concentration, and color discrimination ability. You will find so many free paintings by number pictures in this adult coloring book.

Enjoy painting, paint-by-number coloring games, art pages, and coloring books now!!

For any suggestions for Paint Color by Number, please contact us at paintcolor.feedback@gmail.com

Terms of Service：http://launchertheme.com/paint_tos.html
Private Policy：http://launchertheme.com/paint_color_pp.html