Photo Cleaning: You can free up more storage space to clean up duplicate, blurry and unwanted photos from your phone.
Video cleaning:Space CleanPhotos can be scanned and compressed and unwanted video files deleted, freeing up storage space.
Address Book Merge: You can easily see if there are duplicate contacts in your address book to edit or delete.
Network Speed Measurement:Space CleanCan test your Internet connection speed to help you understand your
Space CleanHas the following characteristics:
Safe and reliable:Space CleanCan protect your privacy and personal information and keep your phone safe.
Continuous Update: We will continue to updateSpace CleanTo provide more and better functions.
Video compression: Reduce storage space and transmission time while maintaining high quality of your videos.
photo compression:Compress the size of photo files to reduce storage space usage. 
calendar cleaning:Help users organize and optimize their calendar applications. It can repeat or eliminate calendar events, making your calendar cleaner and more organized.

Space Clean offers many enhanced services, and you can choose from an annual membership price of $24.99/year, a continuous annual membership price of $14.99/year, a monthly membership price of $9.99/month, or a weekly membership price of $4.99/week. Fees are $29.99 for one-time use and $19.99 for one-time use ("Subscription"). You can find a description of subscription-related functionality within this service. When purchasing a subscription or product (each a "Transaction"), we may ask you to provide additional relevant information, such as your credit card number, expiration date, and billing and shipping addresses (collectively, "Payment Information"). You represent and warrant that you have the legal right to use all payment methods and payment information.
The transaction amount through the Services will be presented to you when you place your order. If you choose to transact through the Services, you authorize us to provide your payment information to a third party service provider in order to complete your transaction and agree to:
(a) bear any additional costs, including those that may be imposed by your App provider, bank or other financial service provider and any taxes or fees applicable to you;
(b) SpaceClean may charge your credit card or third-party payment processing account, including but not limited to your App Store account or distribution platform (such as the Apple App Store), for verification, pre-authorization and payment purposes;
(c) pay applicable fees and any taxes.
Space Clean will not charge you a fee or refund for our unprocessed or cancelled orders.
Your order is not binding on Space Clean until it is accepted and confirmed. All payments are non-refundable and non-transferable, except as expressly provided in these Terms.
Space Clean also reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to take steps to verify your identity in connection with your order. You may be required to provide additional information to verify your identity before completing a transaction (such information is included in the definition of payment information).
SpaceClean reserves the right not to process or cancel your order, for example if your credit card is declined, we suspect that the request or order was fraudulent, or in other circumstances that SpaceClean, in its sole discretion, deems appropriate.

Email:hongzhoushiye@outlook.com
Privacy Policy: http://www.hongzhoushiye.tech/privacy.html
Subscription Policy：http://www.hongzhoushiye.tech/subscription.html
Term of service：http://www.hongzhoushiye.tech/agreement.html