MossAI is an app that combines AI painting and AI Q&amp;A based on powerful technology. You can experience the most advanced, popular, and cool AI artificial intelligence technologies here.

[AI Drawing]
You just need to enter a few simple sets of prompt, wait for a moment, and AI will turn your wild ideas into stunning works of art.
There are a variety of AI drawing models to choose from: anime animation, classical Chinoiserie, punk cyber, cute blind box, live portrait... random prompt tips are provided, simple operation, and you can quickly start in one minute.
AI helps you achieve your painter dream!
[AI Chat Bot]
Through Natural language processing technology and complex algorithms, MossChatAI can understand and respond to your messages in a human like manner.
After a long period of communication and deep dialogue with MossAI, Moss artificial intelligence robots will learn and adapt to your preferences and habits, become smarter and provide you with more satisfactory answers.

What can Moss AI do for you?
-Intelligent Q&amp;A
You can initiate any question at any time and anywhere. Moss can search and provide answers to questions from the massive Internet world, and give you humanoid answers after Natural language processing.
-Accompanying and chatting
When you feel anxious, bored, painful, or need to be listened to, you can chat with Moss anytime. Moss will provide you with 24-hour companionship, and every word you say will be answered seriously. At the same time, you don't have to worry about privacy being leaked.
-Life and Work Assistant
Moss can help you write anything: tweets, titles, emails, papers, chat replies, SEO content, meta descriptions, advertising copy, code, assignments, novel sequels As long as you need it, you can try it out.

[Privacy Policy]
static.mosschatai.cc/protocol/privacy.html
[Terms of Service]
static.mosschatai.cc/protocol/user.html

[Pro Premium Subscription]
 1. Pricing:
       $4 / Week
       $28.8 /Year
       $42.7/Lifetime

2. After confirming the purchase, your iTunes account will be charged and the subscription will automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current subscription. Your account will be charged for renewal and determine the cost of the renewal within the last 24-hours prior to the end of the current subscription.

3. If you need to cancel the subscription, please manually open the "Settings" of the Apple phone --&gt; enter the "iTunes Store and App Store" --&gt; click "Apple ID", select "View Apple ID", enter the "Account Settings" page, click "Subscribe", select chataibotVIP to cancel the subscription.

Disclaimer:

The information sent by the AI ​​model is generated by computer and may be fictitious, please distinguish right from wrong by yourself.

When you use this application to consult medical issues, this application only provides medical advice and does not represent medical services or treatment. Users must consult a doctor before using this app and are ultimately responsible for medical decisions. The information and services in this application should be used for reference only, and do not constitute advice or treatment. We do not assume any responsibility arising from the use of this application.