Ahoy, ahoy, how's ya day, Adventurer?By the looks of it, either ya had just escaped a giant boulder of death, or somehow cheated death from the stinky hands of the undead army.Well, that's why we do it, ain't it? The fire in our veins. But that alone won't help ya survive, no no, those ancient cheap bastards sure love building mazes, speaking in riddles and having a good laugh making fun of us diligent grave rob… ah… archeologists!Anyhoo, have you by any chance heard tales of the Lost Empire?They speak of an island with countless treasures no one has ever laid eyes on!And ooh does it have all our cravings - the traps, mazes, deadly creatures or what have ya!See this? This is the ancient notes that can lead you to it!Since you and I hit it off so well, you can have them for just 10 pennies, what do ya say?===Game Features===◆Explore the lost continent! Go deep down into the ruins and find the treasure! But beware the enemies lurking in the mist.◆Match your wit against mind-twisting puzzles, and brave out the mazes and dungeons! Fortune favors the bold!◆Collect treasures to renovate ancient relics and decrypt the mysteries even words can't describe.◆Build and develop your own Stronghold! Fend off whatever evil may come - be it the living or the undead!SUPPORTAre you having problems? contact_st@funplus.comPrivacy Policy: https://funplus.com/privacy-policy/Terms of Service: https://funplus.com/terms-conditions/Subscription Terms: https://funplus.com/subscription-term/The price of the monthly subscription is $19.99, and lasts for 30 days. After purchasing, players will get exclusive privileges in game.Please note:1. Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase2. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period3. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal4. Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the your Account Settings after purchase