Looking for true love? Want to talk to people, make new friends or even find a life partner? Look no further - our innovative online dating app has got you covered! With our app, you can connect with local singles around you and chat with them in real time. Our app is the perfect way to meet new people, whether you're looking for love, friendship, or just someone to chat with.

Yes, dating apps can be intimidating, however Hapfiy is designed to be easy to use and fun. Whether you're looking for a soulmate or just someone to talk to, our app is the perfect way to find new people to connect with.

Hapfiy is all about social networking. You can use it to find friends to travel with, talk to strangers, or even find a girlfriend or boyfriend and find love. With us, meeting new people from all over the world, and connecting with them is comfortable and safe (compared to other chat apps).

Whether you are searching for a person to start a family with, or support of a person you can rely on - you have every chance of finding one on our app.

You can also get together with various people by joining our community of like-minded people.
This community grows very fast, so don’t worry, you will see new profiles of girls and men added daily so you’ll always have the opportunity to talk to someone!

So what are you waiting for? Download our mobile dating app today and start couples dating or connecting with new people. Dating for serious relationships, friendship, or looking just for someone to talk to - you will find all that on Hapfiy!  You never know, your perfect match can be just one tap away! Single dating starts right now!

-----Description of Subscription-----

Hapfiy is a dating app that is free to download and use. We also offer optional subscription packages and non-subscription, single, and multi-use paid features.

We offer monthly, 6 month and yearly subscriptions :
1 month Gold subscription: $29.99
6 months Gold subscription: $39.99
1 year Gold subscription: $49.99
1 month Unlock Likes subscription: $19.99
6 months Unlock Likes subscription: $29.99
1 year Unlock Likes subscription: $49.99
**Prices are in U.S. dollars, may vary in countries other than the U.S. and are subject to change without notice. Prices are clearly displayed in the app.

Your subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your iTunes account will automatically be charged at the renewal price within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period unless you change your subscription preferences in your App Store account settings. You can manage your subscriptions at any time through your App Store account settings after purchase. 

* If you don’t choose to purchase, you can simply continue using and enjoying Hapify for free.

* Your personal data is securely stored on Hapify - be sure to read our privacy policy and terms and conditions:
Terms of User: https://hm.hpznt.com/hpfser/index.htm
Privacy Policy: https://hm.hpznt.com/hpfpriv/index.htm
Terms of Subscription: https://hm.hpznt.com/hpfvalu/index.htm
EULA: https://img.hpznt.com/nfop/hpfeula/index.htm