Connection with friends without barriers
Whisper is the most popular voice chat community, here you can chat safely with friends from all over the world, USA, UK, Saudi Arabia, UAE, Qatar, China, Germany... Language speaking, distance is never a barrier for your connection with them, totally free!

Make friends safely
In Whisper, you can chat with family, friends, and strangers, and have live party with them. Whenever you feel the need for peace, spiritual comfort, self-control, confidence, contentment or anything else, you can talk to your friends here secretly and safely, and you will get comforted.

Distinctive features:
Free voice chat room – Whisper is an absolutely free voice chat app! you can connect with friends in Whisper using 3G, 4G, LTE or Wi-Fi internet, you can enjoy a super-fast, high-quality voice chat in the chat room.
Free online party – You can hold free party for birthday, wedding, Eid, or just real-time comments on football games or any other topic, enjoy your time here!
Fast entry – registration will be done in 5 seconds, you can enter into Whisper to have fun with friends fastly.
Wonderful moments – You can view moments posted by Whisper friends, and you can post your own to show your cool life moments.
Cool effect gifts – In live chat room or direct chatting you can exchange cool effect gifts with your friends.
Text message communication – you can communicate with people by adding friends and sending text messages to each other.
Exciting games – There are many wonderful entertainment games in Whisper for free, you can play games with friends in voice chat room. 
Specific leaderboards – you can find the most popular Whisper users/rooms in leaderboards easily, and you can make yourself on the leaderboards also.

Group chat &amp; direct connection
If you prefer group chatting, join Whisper and you can connect with many friends at the same time and in one chat room. You can hold live parties, play awesome games with them, exchange gifts and happiness. If you prefer direct chat, join Whisper and you can make friends and talk with him by voice or text safely, let your heart to be comforted here.

Best online social connection community
Still feeling shy to talk with strangers? Still worrying about long distance communication with friends? Still annoyed by language speaking difficulties during online chat with new friends from other countries? Whisper has solved these inconvenient connections for you, join Whisper to have the best online social connection, and have voice chat with new friends freely.

Dear friends, you can follow us by following official pages: 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Whisper-03177-108024924700488

If you have any suggestions or feedback, please feel free to contact us at: whisperfeedback@gmail.com
