Heads up! Right now you are the leader of this small town in the zombieverse that is suddenly attacked by zombies. Town Survivor, the brand new tower defense strategy game in the zombieverse with compelling adventures and thrills. You have to use your brainy strategies to upgrade your defenses and build equipments to fight back waves and waves of zombies and ghosts at night that are trying to destroy the town. The more defense and equipments you have, the more damage you can inflict and the more coins you collect in the zombieverse.But watch out, zombies will never stop coming. They will become stronger and faster as you advance through the game. You will have to use your skills and strategy to balance your defense and offense. You can also unlock special abilities and power-ups to enhance your performance and customize your town in the zombieverse.🔥Easy Gameplay:🎯Collect coins to upgrade doors and build weapons. Customize your town to defend against zombies!💡Unlock various buildings and new characters. Powerful props are waiting for you to experience!🔆Upgrade ability to survive. Challenge the limit and keep getting stronger! Try to survive to the end!🧸Game Features of Town Survivor!► Easy to play - simple tower defense game, keep mining to get coins, build your town to defend against zombies. You can play anytime, anywhere~► Powerful props - Use a variety of powerful magic props to defeat incoming zombies and save the town!► Level mode - keep moving forward! Save more towns. The fate of mankind is in your hands!► Various characters - Unlock multiple characters, super fantastic abilities are waiting for you to experience!►Upgrade talents - you can accumulate gold coins through the levels, upgrade your survival talents, keep getting stronger, and survive longer!Town Survivor is a fun and addictive game that will keep you hooked for hours. You can play it both offline or online. You can also compete with other players on the leaderboard and see who can survive the longest.If you are ready for an exciting challenge, download Town Survivor and start your adventure in the zombieverse!Join us: https://discord.gg/EqwfjkwVuaFind us: https://www.facebook.com/townsurvivorappTweet us: https://twitter.com/townsurvivorappEmail us: townsurvivor@noxjoy.com