Traditional Japanese mahjong game with lovely ACG characters, and all kinds of anime memes.You can play Riichi mahjong game anytime anywhere, enjoy the real mahjong experience! Come and join Riichi City!

[Riichi City Features]
◆Free to Play and Fair Environment
Enjoy different modes and features without any cost! Indulge in the real Riichi mahjong games with your friends anywhere, anytime! Experience truly random tiles, without any additional adjustments! Chii! Pon! Kan! Pinfu! Chinitsu! Kokushi Musou! Explore a wide range of yaku combinations that you love in a fair and secure gaming environment!

◆Real-Life Design Elements
The real-life design elements in the modern Riichi City, such as mahjong houses, cafés, convenience stores and more, bring the realness of playing live Japanese mahjong games to the app! Experience the fierce competition in the fast-paced Japanese mahjong matches!

◆ACG Characters with Unique Playing Styles &amp; Personalities
Meet and bond with the ACG characters in-app, each featuring their own playing styles and personalities, ranging from aggressive to defensive and skilled at reading discards... You name it!You can choose different waifu to grow with them and take your Japanese mahjong skills to the next level!

◆Fully Voiced by Famous Japanese CVs
Renowned Japanese voice actors and actresses bring the ACG characters in Riichi City to life with their exceptional voice acting talent! Lead them as their captain, start competing against others in the mahjong tournaments, and enjoy your game with these mahjong stars!
CVs: Ogura Yui, Namikawa Daisuke, Ishikawa Yui, Arai Satomi, Suguta Hina, Morishima Shuuta, Hasegawa Reina...

◆Beginner-Friendly Functions
Riichi City has a lot to offer, including tutorials, game log, spectator mode, hints for the winning tiles, tips for drawing and discarding tiles, auto hints, point calculation, and much more! All of these features are designed to help beginners ease into the Riichi mahjong world!

◆Community and Abundant Events with Generous Rewards
No longer play alone! Join the vibrant community and communicate with mahjong players from around the world!
Stay tuned for the official knockout tournaments, Japanese mahjong matches, limited-time challenges, and events in the future, all featuring tons of prizes!

You can visit us: www.mahjong-jp.com
Discord: http://discord.gg/5z3Nw2rPNx 
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=100069767657837
Twitter: https://twitter.com/riichicity_en?s=21&amp;t=KESmE59w15hjQlb07NX4tw