NovelNow--makes free reading simple! Best free english werewolf&romance webnovel updates at a fast pace! Come and meet new friends in NovelNow!【Why NovelNow】-We are NovelNow (www.novelnow.com) – one of the best english reading apps! NovelNow is a totally free online novel platform. Here, reading is simple, easy and FREE! Download now to meet a whole new world of goodnovel & romance & fanfiction stories!【Limitless Genres】-NovelNow contains massive genres of webnovel, including romance, werewolf, vampire, fantasy, possessive, billionaire, dark and etc, which are totally free and deeply loved by our NovelNower! You can find trending genres and various free books in just one tap!【Features】NovelNow provides many in-app features to cater to your reading preferences.-No restriction on reading. You can read all books freely.-Intelligent Recommendation: NovelNow has customized recommendations to help you find your next book, such as top romance, trending tags, werewolf & hot, reader’s choice. What’s more, you can create your own booklist!-Reading History: Your reading history is optimized with night mode, eye care and flipping tricks. The classic interface design allows you to immerse yourself in free reading.【Hot Free Original】-《The Blue Wolf》Arabella: Twenty year old girl, that works full time at a cute Cafe in Downtown called "La Magie Cafe" lives her life simply. Always has her nose in a book, getting lost in the characters of the stories she reads. Writes poetry and novels in her free time. But she never thought that the events of her own life would become something similar to a fantasy novel.The Wolf Kingdom: What Arabella doesn't know is; all the fiction, magic realism, and fantasy she's always loved and only ever visualized might be closer to her reality then she thinks. Alphas, and their packs of the Wolf Kingdoms, in the World are all on their quests to find The Blue Wolf, to make her their Luna, so they can become the strongest Pack in the world.Alpha William Accardi: 23 year old Alpha of the strongest Pack in the world. The Black Moon Pack. Feared among every pack. Known for his serious and respected reputation. Became Alpha at 16 years old and worked incredibly hard for his pack. He longs to have someone to love but still hasn't found his mate......until he steps into a cafe in Downtown for a coffee and a sandwich, and Arabella takes his order.-《The Alpha's Rejected Heir》Rosalyn Parker has been verbally abused by her mother for years and ignored by her father. Her brother was the only person who treated her with kindness. But, on the night of her 18th birthday when she got rejected by her mate ke'shaun Black the soon to be alpha of the howling moon pack, after he mated with her. That was the last push she needed to leave, but she would soon find out that she was pregnant with the alpha's heir....17 years after leaving her pack and family behind Rosalyn has made a life for herself and her son in Italy after joining pacchetto della luna del sangue (blood Moon pack). She had kept in contact with her brother seeing as he was the only person she considered family...Read to find out what happens when the alpha meets his rejected heir.【Authors Wanted】-Magic world for readers. Broad platform for writers. Join with thousands of aspiring authors. Start your journey, telling your stories on the NovelNow Millions of readers are looking for them. Find your own voice and share your message with the world.【Contact us】-Official Website: http://www.novelnow.com/-Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Novel-Now-317944195989801-Email: novelnow2020@gmail.com