The fully free real-time strategy SLG mobile game "Troubled Times: King's Hegemony" will take you back to the era of the Warring States Period and re-create the troubled times when hundreds of schools of thought contended for hegemony. A real-time battle mode with control and war, free military strategies, and famous generals from the Three Kingdoms returning to the Warring States Period to help you achieve your hegemony and dominate the world![The heroes are divided and dominate the world]The army and horses are like dragons, and the war drums are beating. On the thousand-mile battlefield, compete with your opponents, compete for territory, break the enemy's defenses, seize their cities as your own, and achieve the hegemony of the king.[Intellectual layout and strategizing]In troubled times, you will be a wise leader and create epic hegemony. Utilize the terrain, lay out traps, control and fight in a real-time battle mode, and infinitely combine the skills of various generals to maximize military strategy, plan the victory step by step, and turn the war into your strategy game.[The fierce general has all his advisers under his command]There is one emperor throughout the ages, and heroes emerge in large numbers. The game brings together hundreds of historical generals from the Spring and Autumn Period and the Warring States Period, and even famous generals from the Three Kingdoms traveled through time and space and returned to the Warring States Period. You can recruit heroes from all walks of life to create your own legend. With powerful swords and surprising strategies, you can command heroes to attack and gallop on the battlefield. Only your men can become kings and hegemons![Free exploration and expansion of territory]The large sand table map truly restores the troubled times of the Warring States Period, and the vast ancient battlefield allows you to show your ambitions. City construction, resource reclamation, field bandit suppression, marching battles, etc. are all displayed on the same territory, realizing a real struggle for hegemony among thousands of people, joining forces vertically and horizontally, and conquering cities and territories. Knowing the right time and place, and adapting to local conditions to expand, you can even win by surprise!【contact us】If you like our games, you can contact us by going to the official fan page:https://www.facebook.com/sgfywzby