Blood Pressure Pro is an easy-to-use intelligent blood pressure recording tool that allows you to better understand blood pressure and better control blood pressure. Very trustworthy!

Blood pressure standards provided by the American Heart Association: https://www.heart.org/
Body Quality Index (BMI): https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/body_Mass_index
Blood glucose: https://www.acpjournals.org/doi/10.7326/0003-4819-152-5-2010030-01003
-The standard classification of blood pressure is provided by the American Heart Association; our applications only conduct data records and do not provide advice to users.
-If your body has any abnormalities, please seek medical treatment in time.
-Not applicable for medical use
-Not applicable for medical use：Our app only records. Will not provide any medical diagnosis or treatment recommendations
 
You can continue to record blood pressure and blood sugar. All data will be clearly displayed in smart charts. Reliable blood pressure analysis can also help you understand your blood pressure, thereby maintaining a good health.

Blood pressure tracker can help you:
1. Easily record blood pressure and blood glucose data
2. View long -term tracking and analysis results
3. Learn more about blood pressure -related knowledge
4. Understand the changes in your own blood pressure and blood sugar

Come and download our Blood Pressure Pro, you will get practical skills to cope with the above situation, and we will provide you with support.


Save, edit or update the readings
Do you think it is troublesome to record blood pressure reading with paper and pen? Try Blood Pressure Pro! Just a simple operation can be recorded and saved, no longer need to copy them one by one. In addition, you can also use the keyboard to quickly enter data to easily edit, save, update, or delete the measurement value.
 
Know your blood pressure in time
If you are not sure which interval your blood pressure belongs to, you can help yourself position by calculating the reliability range.
 
View long-term trends and analysis results
Can your blood pressure monitor not record each set of readings? Do you think paper records are easy to lose? Our interactive chart will present you a comprehensive and clear log, long-term tracking daily health status, controlling blood pressure changes, and comparing the values of different periods.