Warrior Kings, it’s time to build your empire and seize the throne of a medieval kingdom rife with magic and turmoil!Game of Kings: The Blood Throne is a real-time strategy and simulation war game for mobile where players build armies, slay and cultivate monsters, form alliances, and battle each other to achieve their destinies and take their seats upon the Blood Throne!With the weave of magic unraveling, the ancient and mysterious Rune Continent of legend has appeared! Not for the faint of heart, the Rune Continent brings untold challenges and rewards for those brave enough to enter. Gather your Alliance and test your spirit amidst the mayhem of the battlefield, as you stand shoulder to shoulder to conquer the Rune Wonder in intense warfare against players from all servers! Who will beat all rivals and claim the title of Supreme King?Game of Kings Features:✔ Epic Player vs. Player Strategic WarfareReal-time PvP combat against players around the world. Hone your strategy to outsmart your enemies and lay siege to their settlements!✔ Unique Monster SystemGoblins and Skeletons and Dragons, oh my! Explore the world map to hunt and slay monsters. Unlock and cultivate monsters in your Beastiary to bolster the ranks of your army and dominate the battlefield!✔ Build a Massive ArmyTrain infantry, ranged, cavalry, and siege units across four increasingly powerful tiers! Amass hundreds of thousands of soldiers to conquer and defend your empire!✔ Resource ManagementGather, produce, and manage six different resources (food, iron, stone, wood, silver, and gold) to build and upgrade your Stronghold, train your armies, and research new technologies!✔ Cooperative AlliancesCreate or join an Alliance to team up and wage war across the kingdom. Make friends with players worldwide, develop and strategize together, and rally your forces to triumph over all others!✔ Academic ResearchOver 140 technologies can be researched in your Academy to give your kingdom an edge over your opponents and enhance your capabilities in War, Defense, Trade, Economy, Tactics, and Construction.✔ Customize Your HeroesForge legendary weapons and armor to equip your Heroes and become immensely powerful! Develop your Heroes across two different skill trees to best suit your plans for victory!✔ Real-time Chat TranslationNo language barriers! Talk and cooperate with anyone with our real-time chat translation system, capable of providing translation for 34 different languages!NOTE: Game of Kings: The Blood Throne is free to download and play; however, in-app purchases for some items can be made with real money within the game. If you don’t wish to use this feature, please disable this function for your device or in the in-game settings.Join us on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/GameOfKings.TheBloodThrone