"The Legend of Forgotten River" FB fan group: https://ican.tw/nrsPW"Forgotten River Fenghua Lu" FB discussion forum: https://ican.tw/dfwCY"Forgotten River Fenghua Lu" official IG: https://ican.tw/bjX36This is the River of Forgetfulness, where celebrities gather after their deaths.Ying Zheng was obsessed with studying the firing of new terracotta warriors and horses, and occasionally would bring Emperor Wu of the Han Dynasty to discuss things with Emperor Taizong of the Tang Dynasty;After the Great Zhou Dynasty, he spent his whole life renovating the Song of Feather Clothes and Feather Clothes, and finally saw the real "looking back, smiling and being charming" here;Foyin fantasized about catching Wang Xizhi's goose every day and sending it to Su Shi to cook a roast goose dinner.And you, the envoy of Wangchuan, will reunite with the celebrities in the Taoyuan of Wangchuan after a long absence, and get drunk together and return home together."The Legend of Wangchuan" is an immersive ancient-style RPG mobile game adapted from Chinese historical events. Historical celebrities spanning 5,000 years gather in Wangchuan. As the envoys of the Wangchuan world, players will join hands with celebrities to resist the invasion of the ghost king and protect this paradise![Beautiful ancient style painting of intoxicating mountains and rivers]Traveling around the world of Forgotten River with beautiful talents as companions. The strong ancient style art features bring an excellent sense of immersion to the scenes and characters in the entire Wangchuan world! The collection of vertical paintings, models, UI design, and every detail carefully constructs a beautiful Wangchuan scroll. The day and night scenes that change with the passage of time, the carriages, horses and famous people passing through the pavilions, the slowly rotating water wheel and the floating sky lanterns welcome you to this poetic world of Forgotten River.[Old dreams continue again, telling the past and the present]In Wangchuan, the unfinished grievances and grievances in life are forgotten and smiles disappear, and new friends meet each other after thousands of years. In addition to recreating the poignant love story of Farewell My Concubine and the thrilling plot of Jing Ke's assassination of the Qin Dynasty, the emperors of Qin, Han and Wu sat together to discuss politics, and literati from Tang poetry and Song Dynasty gathered together. Your Majesty, please hold the Mirror of Three Generations and explore for yourself the events of the past.[Battlefield chess game, success or failure]On the battlefield of Wangchuan, not only can we see Wang Xizhi bringing geese into battle, but we can also see Li Bai and Du Fu riding a crane together to launch a fateful attack, and Su Shi and Foyin jointly launching a gourmet "Dongpo Pork" offensive. In addition to cool combat skills and flexible lineup combinations, carefully designed personal skills with celebrity characteristics and destiny combination skills bound by celebrities make the battle full of surprises and fun.[Taoyuan Yaju, a storyteller with a short story]Exquisite pavilions and furniture accessories give Taoyuanju a personalized configuration space. "There are great Confucian scholars who talk and laugh." You can also invite celebrities to sit down and play chess and make tea, or you can have wine and chat with celebrities in person and talk at night by candlelight. At noon, you can also taste the delicacies cooked by Su Shi, which makes Wangchuan "tasteful and refreshing".[Exotic treasures collected in the mansion to play with]The long river of history flows forward, only treasures stop to witness the glory. The whereabouts of Qin Shihuang's imperial seal may be answered in the Sanshi Tower; the colorful feathers symbolizing the love between Yang Yuhuan and Tang Minghuang may be restored to their glory in Wangchuan. The long-shrouded legends behind the poems, utensils, costumes, calligraphy and paintings are waiting for the envoy who loves collecting to find out.[Evolution of cute cats and the manners of common celebrities]Whether it's dark clouds covering the snow or a golden tiger, Wangchuan, the cute cat you want, has it all! The customized cute cat that has never been seen pinches the face, and celebrity Luyou regularly comes to the door to send warmth. "Me and the raccoon slave don't go out", enjoy the leisure time in the cat house, and surprises may happen if you are not careful! Battle bonuses and marriage are all a piece of cake, only advanced celebrity cats can open your eyes!※Part of the content of this game involves violence and inappropriate language. It is classified as Auxiliary Level 12 according to the game software classification management method.※This game is a free game, but the game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.※Please pay attention to the game time and avoid addiction.