Infiltrate a sinister new-age Holdem Texas casino syndicate and overcome the odds to become the world's greatest Poker Shark!Prepare to play as Ben, the protagonist, whose life has come knocking on his door as he learns of his uncle's mysterious disappearance 30 years after he left his family.As he enters a modern underworld ruled by the world's wealthiest, most powerful, and cunning Poker Lords, he must not only learn the art of survival but also learn the best skills of Texas Holdem Poker from his new mentor.And this is how your story begins in familial land of power and wealth. But keep in mind that there's no going back, and your life will never be the same again.Play the most engaging social Poker game - Holdem or Foldem! Compete and challenge real Global Poker Pros and move up the Leaderboard to fame. Battle in various real-time poker tournaments, with real people, and collect big bonuses.♠♣♥♦ GAME FEATURES ♦♥♣♠♠ FREE CHIPS: Enjoy playing all the time with FREE Chips options every few hours! Including, 1,000,000 FREE CHIPS when you download! Free chips mean free poker!♣ FAIRPLAY GUARANTEED, EVERY TIME: Holdem or Foldem is officially licensed to provide an experience of a real poker table game. Play anywhere, with experience, as well as an assurance of a real social casino.♦ UNIQUE STORYLINE: Enjoy playing Holdem Poker, while being part of a creative, deep and highly imaginative storyline unlocking new secrets, objectives, and checkpoints.♠ REVOLUTIONARY PORTRAIT POKER: Texas Holdem or Foldem offers modern and comfortable gameplay in Portrait Mode so you can play your favorite poker game anywhere, with convenience.♣ MULTIPLE TOURNAMENTS: Join the most popular offline Poker tournaments. Play faster cards at the iconic nine-person table or the modern five-person table. Free Texas Holdem poker has something for every playing style.♦ POKER WITH FRIENDS: Invite friends to join your table and together defeat other players. Playing live games with friends unlocks more fun and bigger prizes as you get FREE rewards with every invite. Enjoy free poker collectively.♠ MINI-GAME SLOTS: Spin and win BIG poker chips in between poker hands with our casino slot machine. With Holdem or Foldem, challenge your luck, not just people.♣ EXCLUSIVE DAILY EVENTS: Check out Holdem or Foldem daily for more intense, amazing, and exclusive poker content. More poker tables, poker hands, poker challenges, poker card bonuses, FREE chip events, and much more! Experience this Texas Holdem Poker game free online!♥ CONNECT WITH FACEBOOK: Connect with your Facebook Account to win extra FREE 1,000,000 Chips, keep your Account safe and enjoy playing with your Facebook friends and continue to experience Free Texas Hold’em poker.♠ VIP PROGRAM: Earn more in-game benefits, features, and rewards by reaching higher Tiers of our VIP Membership. Enjoy exclusive chip and diamonds Discounts & special poker game Modes.Holdem or Foldem is the new one-stop destination for Table Top poker players, video poker players, Texas Poker fans, and Social casino lovers. If you cherish Vegas, Texas, Macau, or Monaco casino experience, you will feel right at home with our global poker community. Enjoy poker player statistics, hand strength info, amazing animations!Download Texas Holdem or Foldem and start playing today for FREE! The classic free poker casino card game, now for Mobile and Tablets! Take your Free Holdem Poker everywhere.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/gaming/hof.tp.nineThis product is intended for use by those 21 or older for amusement purposes only.Practice or success at social casino and poker gaming does not imply future success at real money gambling.This product does not offer real money gambling or poker or an opportunity to win real money or prizes.