Romanfic is the must-have reading e-book app that showcases the best and most trending webnovels for you story lovers. With this ebook reader app, users can always discover tons of free online short stories, romance novels and fictions that fall into the genres of fantasy, love, historical, sci-fi, light novels, popular games, LGBT and etc. Nowadays, reading novels has become a pastime for people, and that’s why we developed Romanfic. Have you ever dreamed of accessing tons of webnovels, stories, fictions at your fingertips? Are you a big fan of those heart-wrenching love stories? Are you interested in romance fictions that are about werewolves, vampires and human girls? Are you still reading books with your web or mobile browser? Do you want to read books that are marked as "best buy" in bookshops? Then welcome to Romanfic, a best and webnovel reader app where people can find numerous books in just one place!Why Romanfic?1) Vast collection: Be it Romance, Fantasy, BL, LGBTQ+, Horror&Thriller, Adventure&Action, Young Adult, or Science Fiction, you name it, we have it.Discover addictive novels such as The Billionaire's Secret Lover, CEO & His Little Sweet Pet, Kidnapped By the Mafia, I accidentally married a Playboy and so on. With Romanfic, you can enjoy anything from dating a handsome Billionaire to immersing yourself into a world where the poor and often looked-down protagonist grows strong and rich along the way to get back at those snobbish people. Not your cup of tea? Perhaps something a bit more thrilling? There are also Alpha Carson’s Spoiled brat, The Vampire Kings And Their Little Mate and other hot fantasy novels for your choosing.Whatever you like, we've got you covered. What are you waiting for? Start your reading journey right now!2) Quick Updates&Customized Reading ExperienceVast collection of the most trending online novels. Just pick them up and you’ll never want to put them down.Customized reading setting allows you to have a better and more comfortable reading experience.3) Meet people of similar interests and ideas.Share your ideas with story-lovers worldwide.Read and earn bonuses!4) Write Your Stories.A world without stories is a world without colors. Whether you are an experienced writer or just a beginner, Romanfic welcomes you to join our pay-to-read project. Here you get to share your ideas and introduce your stories to readers across the world .We welcome all novel genres, especially genres like Romance, Fantasy, Werewolf/Vampire/Witch/Magic, Mafia, Billionaire/CEO...