Selected high-quality book sources, the latest and hottest online novels on the whole network, all kinds of different types, to meet your reading needs.[Super complete library] Various types of novels, modern, ancient romance, time travel, wealthy, business farming, urban, fantasy fantasy, etc., let you read a large number of fine novels without spending money, and enjoy the fun of reading.[Simple page] The page is simple and easy to understand and easy to operate, bringing you a very comfortable reading experience.【Convenient function】Browsing history, reading preferences, make it convenient and fast for you.[Intimate settings] Settings such as reading directory, mobile phone brightness, night mode, font size, style, page turning mode, etc., make it more comfortable and convenient for you to use.[Superior appearance] The page layout is simple and clear, and the design is generous, bringing you an extremely comfortable visual experience.[Easy search] Books on the whole site, filter at will, recommend high-quality products[Clear classification] Popular rankings, potential new works, finished products, original selections, let you know at a glance【Bookshelf Collection】Automatically save according to your reading records, you can also click the collection, allowing you to find historical reading more directlyRecommended high-quality novels:"The Master Goes Down the Mountain: The First Nine Wedding Letters" I think Han Feng, the peerless master in the world, was forced by the master to go down the mountain to fulfill the marriage contract, and there are still nine? After going down the mountain, I found that the nine wives were different in appearance and beauty. Can this marriage be cancelled?Punching the powerful and kicking the dark. The world is mine, and my daughter-in-law is also mine."The First Tyrant of Great Xia" I, Qin Yun, accidentally traveled to Great Xia to be called the emperor, and took the lead in pushing it to Concubine Xiao Shu, thinking that from then on, the boudoir fell into the account. I never thought that the powerful ministers were in power, the treasury was empty, and even the aliens were eyeing me in the big Xia. Then I had no choice but to bring up the butcher knife and become a generation of tyrants. From then on, those who obey me will prosper, those who oppose me will perish, and I will be the master of my dynasty."There is a Dragon in My Body" Ye Feng's daughter is critically ill, and is ruthlessly abandoned by his ex-wife. In desperation, he uses his life to touch the daughter of a wealthy porcelain family. The dragon who didn't come to his body even spoke up... Since then, Ye Feng is pregnant with Dragon veins, galloping through the city!A large number of high-quality novels are waiting for you, and you can read all kinds of good-looking novels without spending money! The novel is serialized, updated regularly, download it quickly, and experience better reading!