Meet new Filipino friends from all over the world. Find people that match your interests. Connect and start conversations through live streams on Kumu.Kumu is a Filipino-made live stream community, where you can meet different Filipino content creators and support them through virtual gifts. Or you can be a content creator yourself by going LIVE or joining kumu campaigns to win prizes. MEET FRIENDS FROM THE PHILIPPINES We make it easy for you to meet new pals! kumu’s video livestream feature allows you to stream solo, or co-host with up to 9 streamers. Feeling shy? Kumu’s audio-only stream allows you to casually converse without the pressure.SEND VIRTUAL GIFTS Speaking of friends, to show your support for your favorite streamers, you can send them virtual gifts, which they can convert to real cash earnings. BE PART OF THE KUMUNITY Whatever your interest or fandom, there’s space for you on Kumu. Join Kumunity Teams that match your interest or public groups where you can meet Kumunizens sharing the same hobbies. GO LIVE AND BE A CONTENT CREATORUnleash your creativity with kumu! As a livestream content creator, we offer unique opportunities to earn cash, grow your social media following, or WIN a chance at stardom with our branded partnerships and campaigns. Ready to hang out and have fun? Download Kumu now for free, and join the Kumunity! For more information, visit www.kumu.phFor all the latest updates and happenings, follow us here! Website: https://www.kumu.ph/Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/kumuPHYoutube: http://www.youtube.com/KumuPHTwitter: https://twitter.com/kumuphInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/kumuph/---kumu is free to download and use. However, we also offer optional kumu coin subscription packages.kumu coin subscription has the following benefits- Automatically receive kumu coins on a periodic basis, depending on the subscription package selected.- Get more bonus kumu coins vs.  one-time purchases.- We offer weekly and monthly subscriptions.These prices are clearly indicated in the app, may vary per country and are subject to change without notice. Kumu coins do not expire so you can use it anytime when sending gifts to your favorite live streamers.* Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase* Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period* Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period, amount is based on the selected subscription package.* Subscriptions may be managed and auto-renewal can be turned off by going to your Account Settings in the iTunes StoreWe ensure that your personal data is securely stored. For more information please refer to our privacy policy and terms of use:Terms of Use: https://kumu.ph/terms-of-use/Privacy Policy: https://kumu.ph/privacy-policy/