Escape into a world of romance with Dreame! With our vast collection of over 500,000 novels from best-selling authors, you can immerse yourself in a world of endless stories. From Romance to Fantasy, Mystery to Young Adult Fiction, Adventure to Fan-fic, we've got it all! Devour werewolf bestsellers, feel the passion of Alpha, and meet billionaire bosses who may also be Mafia members. Whatever your taste, we've got the perfect book for you. Get ready to binge-read your next favourite book --- download Dreame now!CAPTIVATING NOVELS ON THE GOFinding your next favorite story has never been easier. With our massive collection of novels, you'll never run out of things to read. Whether you're looking for bad-boy romance, forbidden love, forced marriage, age gap relationships, kicking revenge, or boys love, you'll find it all on Dreame. Start exploring our massive web novel library today. QUICK UPDATESNever miss a beat with Dreame's quick updates. Get personalized recommendations and discover new books based on your tastes. Plus, keep track of what you want to read and stay in the loop with your favorite authors' latest releases.EASY AND SIMPLE READING EXPERIENCEMake reading a personalized experience with our app's customization options. Adjust your text size, font type, margins, and text alignment to your liking. Plus, choose between flipping, sliding, or scrolling to turn pages in a way that feels natural to you. And with adjustable brightness and background colors, you can read comfortably anytime, anywhere. READER BENEFITSGet rewarded for your love of reading with our app's reader benefits program. Unlock free reading benefits by checking in every day and completing reading tasks. Join a community of over 100 million users who share your passion for emotional, immersive storytelling and leave your comments at the end of every episode.FOLLOW USFollow us on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter to stay up-to-date on your favorite stories, writers, contests, and more!1. Official Website--->> www.dreame.com2. FB--->> Dreameofficial3. INS/Twitter--->> dreamestory