Qingguo's massive novels are free to read, produced by a company specializing in online literature.Recommended quality novels:"The Little Magician"After rebirth, he inexplicably got a wife as beautiful as a fairy, inherited from his ancestors, and gained superb medical skills. Wealth and honor will only make people tired. What Lin Fan wants is just to be able to embrace a beautiful woman. Well, it's very simple."The Excellent Medical and Military Son-in-law"  In a dream of five thousand years, he saw the battle between the Yellow Emperor and Chi You, saw Shen Nong taste hundreds of herbs, saw Dayu controlling floods, and saw the rise of dynasties one after another. In the long era, he was like a passerby. When he came back, he was still the cold-shouldered son-in-law. His mother-in-law looks down upon him, his sister-in-law despises him, and his alluring wife is indifferent. But from the moment he returns, everything will change. Carrying five thousand years of historical heritage, it has unparalleled heritage and is unparalleled in both medicine and martial arts."The Poisonous Concubine"Yin Suhua, a genius in both Chinese and Western medicine, traveled through time and became an unpopular legitimate daughter. Even on her wedding day, she was stopped outside the palace and deliberately made things difficult for her. "If you want to enter the palace, you have to cut off contact with the prime minister's palace." "I don't want it, but the prince wants to marry me, so he is not allowed to take concubines for life." One person enters the door, one gets married, and one enters the bridal chamber. Yin Suhua said that there are such good things ? Holding the medical studio in hand, she dealt with the overstepping slaves with a smile and a tough hand. And he looked at the Crown Princess coldly, as if she was a different person. However, just a few days after the wedding, the entire imperial capital was talking about how pitiful the eldest son of Prince Ning was because he was weak and sick and had no intention of getting married. However, Yin Suhua, the initiator, was taken into the arms of a certain prince and spoke coldly: I heard that the prince's concubine went around telling people that I was not good?"The Palace of the Dragon King: The Strongest Son-in-Law"The number one god of war in the underground world was framed and fell by his sect. He came to be his son-in-law and endured it for three years. Finally, he got the chance for revenge! My dear, you have suffered in the past three years. You have devoted your heart to me, and I will give you the whole world!"The Rebirth of a Noble Girl, Unparalleled in Poison"She was plotted when she first arrived in the capital. Her aunt was sinister, her grandmother was sinister, her cousins ​​were all smiling tigers, and there were also hypocrites wearing affectionate masks, pushing her into the abyss. After five years of poisoning and five years of marriage, she finally returned to her hometown, but was tortured and humiliated to death by confinement. During the best years of her daughter's family, she lived under other people's plans. Hundreds of ghosts are ferocious, and the Buddha closes his eyes. When she was reborn, the discarded chess piece had a new heart. She smiled as her fingers were stained with blood, and she finally became a viper and scorpion queen. ...When a femme fatale encounters a mysterious man. When steel is refined a hundred times, it becomes soft around the fingers. Mu Jia thought he was the one who stayed with her when she woke up from nightmares, but later she discovered that with him, she was surrounded by peaceful dreams every night. Later, she told him a story about a woman who made a mistake and brought disaster to her whole family. For the first time in his life, the Nine-Five Emperor burst into tears: "Girl, I'm sorry, I was absent from the table in my last life..." She held his face and burst into tears with laughter: "No, Feng Yushan, no matter in the past life or in this life, you are always me. The best place to stay.”