Muslim Muna Quran App will accompany you in 2024! 

Discover our new Muslim Offline Quran services &amp; prayer times &amp; Athan and All Islamic features functions.

Muslim Muna is a professional offline Quran App, not only has Islamic prayer times and Athan features for salat but also contains everything that a Muslim prayer needs, starting from Muslim prayer times and Athan with accurate notifications, The Islamic Hadith, and the Holy Quran (translated) in English, Bahasa Indonesia, Français, العربية, اردو texts for Muslim prayer to recitation in Athan and listening in Athan, with more than 30 different sheikhs. Muslim Muna also includes the offline Quran feature, making sure our Muslim prayer program well complete. The direction of Qibla for Muslim prayer, the Hijri, and the Gregorian calendar to notice Muslim prayer how long is left for Ramadan and on time to learn the Quran and do Athan, and also find the closest mosques and Islamic halal restaurants to your location on the maps, Imam Live enables famous imams to hold Q&amp;A live streams on Muslim Muna. You can communicate with imams and ask questions after daily learning the Quran, Athan, and salat.

【Muslim Muna Quran App Main Features】
The Holy Quran 
Muslim Muna could read and listen Holy Quran with audio (mp3) offline without the internet translation+ transliteration during Athan and salat

Azkar
Daily Azkar Reminders: Muslim Muna provides daily reminders to encourage users to practice of reciting azkar at various times, such as morning azkar and evening azkar.
Azkar Reminders: Reminders for Azkar, allow for a personalized Azkar experience based on individual routines and preferences.
Azkar Translations: we offer translations and transliterations of the azkar, making azkar accessible to users who may not be familiar with Arabic.
Azkar Progress Tracking: display the progress in consistently engaging in azkar, motivating azkar.

Muslim Prayer times 
Muslim Muna based on your current location with several different settings, available electronic Athan and salat: An audio and visual alert with more than 30 different muezzin voices to choose from for Athan, knowing the time remaining for learning the Quran and next Athan prayer time

Imam Q&amp;A Live
Muslim Muna contains famous imams who will have live streams and answer your questions after daily learning the Quran, Athan, and salat, you can connect with them to ask the Quran or Athan questions or send duas in the live room.
*Well-known imams who have live streams on Muslim Muna include Amir Mounir, Islam Sobhi, Yasser Mamdouh, Abdullah Rushdy, Ahmed ElAzab, and Mahmoud Hashem.

Muslim Muna App and Quran have been fully translated to: English, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Français, العربية, اردو, हिन्दी, Türkçe, Deutsch, Italiano, Nederlands, Português, 简体中文, 繁体中文, 日本語, 한국어, etc..

Islamic Hijri calendar 
For all Islamic holidays like Islamic New Year, Eid al-Fitr, Ashura, The beginning of Hajj, Eid Al-Adha, (Happy Eid)
The most important is to notify you how long is left for Ramadan and remind you of Athan prayer times

We provide subscription feature now, join Muslim Muna Premium you can enjoy:
- Unlimitedly content access and downloads
- ADs remove

Here we provide 3 kinds of VIP plans as follows:
$5.99 per month
$39.99 per year
$59.99 all lifetime
(prices vary by region)

Payment will be charged to your iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase and auto-renews at the same price unless disabled in iTunes Account Settings at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your subscription can be managed in your iTunes Account Settings. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during the active subscription period.

* Privacy policy: https://www.muslimmuna.com/privacy.html
* Terms of use: https://www.muslimmuna.com/terms.html

FOLLOW US FOR MORE UPDATES:
https://www.facebook.com/muslimmunaoffcial
https://www.muslimmuna.com