Bible 2023 app makes it easy to connect with God every day. It's an excellent lite and offline app that lets you take your Bible with you wherever you go.YouVersion's NIV Bible is a small and fast Bible app that is completely free and does not require payment to use, so you can study Bible 2023 without interruption. It includes popular and easy-to-read versions of the Bible.Peculiarity:- Bible Lite App - A small but fast app that allows you to take your Bible with you wherever you go.- No need to pay to use - NIV Bible App is completely free and contains no annoying ads.Use.- Highlight and Save - Highlight and save your favorite verses to remember what you've learned.- Daily Prayer - Daily prayer to spend time with God.Bible 2023, a small, fast and free offline Bible app to put God's Word at your fingertips. It gives you daily verses and daily prayers. NIV Bible is a great streamlined eBook Bible app that can carry God's Word with you. Wherever you go, you can study the Bible offline.Feedback：Bible 2023 app makes it easy to connect with God every day. It's an excellent lite and offline app that lets you take your Bible with you wherever you go.YouVersion's NIV Bible is a small and fast Bible app that is completely free and does not require payment to use, so you can study Bible 2023 without interruption. It includes popular and easy-to-read versions of the Bible.Peculiarity:- Bible Lite App - A small but fast app that allows you to take your Bible with you wherever you go.- No need to pay to use - NIV Bible App is completely free and contains no annoying ads.Use.- Highlight and Save - Highlight and save your favorite verses to remember what you've learned.- Daily Prayer - Daily prayer to spend time with God.Bible 2023, a small, fast and free offline Bible app to put God's Word at your fingertips. It gives you daily verses and daily prayers. NIV Bible is a great streamlined eBook Bible app that can carry God's Word with you. Wherever you go, you can study the Bible offline.Feedback：Liyanning0000@gmail.com