Cube Widget: Wallpaper &amp; Icons make your home screen look great. 
It mainly has the following functions: 
1.Add a calendar and clock on the desktop, and master the schedule anytime, anywhere.
2.Select photos from the album to the home screen to make the desktop look great. 
3.You can add weather widgets to the home screen to track weather conditions anytime, anywhere. 
4.You can customize your own widgets in all aspects to make the widgets rich and interesting.
5.You can choose your favorite themes, wallpapers and icons. We have hundreds of collocations for you to choose from.



Cube Widget: Wallpaper &amp; Icons is free to download, and you can enjoy the free content we provide. You can also subscribe to use all paid content for only $4.99/week, subscribe now!

Important:
-The application is free to download, you can use a limited number of widget types for free, you can subscribe to use all widget types and customize your own style.
- Payment is charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase. Subscription automatically renews for the same price and duration period unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period. Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period at the cost of the chosen package. We need to access your Health APP to get your step count displayed on the widget.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's iTunes Account Settings after purchase. No cancellation of the current subscription is allowed during active subscription period. You may cancel a subscription during its free trial period via the subscription setting through your iTunes account. This must be done 24 hours before the end of the subscription period to avoid being charged. Please visit http://support.apple.com/kb/ht4098 for more information. You may turn off the auto-renewal of your subscription via your iTunes account settings. However, you are not able to cancel the current subscription during its active period. 
- Subscriptions are linked to your account rather than to a given installation of an app on a device. Therefore cancelling a free trial or subscription must be done via your account Settings. Just deleting the app does not automatically cancel a subscription. If you need assistance, please contact us at CubeWidgetsService@outlook.com and we'll be keen to help. But please note that for privacy and security reasons, we as developers are unable to directly access your account and alter your subscription on your behalf.

Privacy Policy：https://docs.google.com/document/d/1aeobm6Q1_hAGbHkaEvD9bnjhxQMF7mB_xbvwLE3PsHQ/edit?usp=sharing
Terms of use:https://docs.google.com/document/d/1FH_K_wHL5C3vNS8qoUmNIHSg3ZAnitAIITPfSs9PAoU/edit?usp=sharing