Era of Conquest is an open-world strategy game featuring multiple civilizations. Get ready for the epic launch of the all-new [Golden Freedom] story campaign. ★New S1 campaign mode, introducing new terrains★ The all-new [Golden Freedom] campaign makes it debut! Select your spawn point and engage in shorter, more intense battles against other Lords. Utilize new terrains—Gobi Desert, Mudflats, Grassland, and Swamp—to take advantage of arms counters and claim victory! ★An assortment of diverse gameplay★ Skill Research system, Trade House, intense Battlefield Trials, and robust General system introduce infinite possibilities on the battlefield!Game Features：【Global Battles】Forge alliances with players around the world to fight for territory. Come to enjoy global battles!【Play to Win】Era of Conquest offers a fair game environment. There is no purchasable resources or VIP privilege. The victory can only be won through troop restraint and skill choice. Players can collaborate with allies to use various tactics to occupy the Supreme Kingdom.【Free Force Replenishment】Unlike traditional strategy games, Era of Conquest offers free, automatic healing and replenishment of forces. Plus, recovery speeds up when mobilization begins. Say goodbye to the hassle of spending time and resources on replenishing forces!【Open World Battlefield】The simple game control empowers you to control troops to do whatever you want in the big scenes. The 120km * 120km vast map will give you a new experience in the multi-civilization world.【Exciting Siege Battle】Featuring quality graphics, the siege battle in Era of Conquest brings players a great sense of substitution. The new SRP technology supports the real 3D graphics and makes the game better rendered. Besides, the new DOTS technology empowers up to 6000 units to battle in the same screen, bringing unprecedented siege battle experience.【Multi-Civilization and Various Special Troops】 Hundreds of heroes and various special troops are at your service to help with your conquest. The secrets behind the original Treasure Map are waiting for your exploration. Sand table buff can be got in the time limited Wonder competition.Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/EraofConquestEN‘’Discord: https://discord.gg/w35RuaRNxB★ The following permissions are required during gameplay.Even if you do not agree to optional permissions, you can still able to play the game. You can reset or revoke access permissions after allowing them.★ Required PermissionsStorage (access to photos, media, and files): Used for installing the game and saving or loading data.★ Optional PermissionsCamera: Used for profile avatars in-game & game community.Notifications: Used for receiving information notifications and Ads notificationsMicrophone: Used for recording microphone audio when saving videos.★ How to Agree or Revoke Access Permission- OS 6.0 or higher:★ How to revoke by Permission Management: Settings > Select Personal Information > Select Access Permission Management > Select Related Access Permission > Select Applications > Select Agree or Revoke Access Permission★ How to revoke by application: Settings > Applications > Select Applications > Select Permissions > Select Agree or Revoke Access Permission- OS below 6.0: Access permissions cannot be revoked, please delete the application or update the OS.