Yeti is the warmest space for you to chat & make new friends! Swipe though tons of profiles or Catch random messages to discover new friendships and chat with your new besties with ease here on Yeti!On Yeti, you can:- SWIPESwipe through a ton of profiles from all around the world to meet new friends! Swipe right on those that vibe with you and start chatting right away! - ASK YETI.AI ANYTHINGYeti.AI is a fast and free AI chatbot based on GPT technology. It's simple to use - just type in your question and get a response - and able to adapt to your unique communication style and provide tailored responses. It can also engage with you on a wide range of topics, from trending events to personal thoughts and feelings. Yeti.AI is truly the perfect virtual assistant to help you with any real-life task!- CATCH or SEND A DRIFTING BOTTLEOur "Drifting Bottle" feature allows you to send a drifting bottle with a video clip of a fun moment in your life inside to share with the rest of the world, or catch and open one to get a glimpse at other people's! Wanna express yourself, or simply keep the event of meeting new people all the more exciting? Here's your perfect chance!- SHARE YOUR THOUGHTSToo many thoughts in your head, don't know where to get them out? Not a problem! Send a real-time floating message to let everyone know what's going on in your interesting mind! You can also make real-time comments on what's trending right now with other Yetis in the community!- CHATIt's super easy to chat with your new besties here on Yeti! Get to know the people that captured your interest by shooting them a message anywhere anytime with the Yeti messenger and get notified when you get a reply! Who knows? Someone you start chatting with on Yeti could become your future bff!- GIFTWanna show your new best friends how much you care about them? Send them a hearty gift! Yeti offers a diverse selection of virtual gifts that you can choose from and effortlessly send out in chats. Whether it's a small token of thanks or a grand gesture of affection, your gifts are sure to bring joy to your new besties!- BOOST YOUR FRIENDSHIPS WITH DIAMONDSHere on Yeti we offer you the chance to use diamonds to enhance your experience! With diamonds, you can:-Start a superchat with someone that you're especially interested in-Catch additional drifting bottles to meet more people -Swipe to the previous profile so that you don't miss any potential friendships-Send virtual gifts to your friends in chats to show them your appreciationGuess what? There's more! You may even earn real cryptocurrencies with your Yeti diamonds in the future! Excited? You should be!What are you waiting for? Meet your new best friends on Yeti RIGHT NOW!