We present you the Adventure Portal - your entrance to the far lands of the Will Hero world, filled with fascinating adventures, new dangers and priceless treasures! 

Will Hero is an arcade, action, platformer and rogue-like game.

This is an exciting adventure, in which you can dive in any place and at any time!

When Princess gets in trouble, a REAL hero turns into unstoppable maul and makes his way with bombs, kicks and axe.

Make a tap to perform a dash, evade or attack.

Master a sword,  push your way through with hefty kicks, bombs, throwing knives and axes. 
Improve weapons by increasing their lethal force.

Build a high tower, open a lot of devastating combat spells.

Find dozens of helmets for your hero, among which there are brutal helmets: knight, prince, crusader, viking, dragon, cute cat, dog, unicorn, panda, raccoon, chicken, hog and many others.

Explore dungeons and different game worlds.

Find rare and legendary chests containing unique helmets.

Will Hero is not just a timekiller, it's an exciting arcade, action and platformer, which can be played with only one finger.

The game works without the Internet, it is enough to download and it will blow your mind.

Play anywhere and anytime!

Compete with friends and become a hero!

SUBSCRIPTION PRICING AND TERMS
Subscription options
In Will Hero game we offer you the following subscription options:
1. The Knight Order Membership offers a weekly subscription for $7.99 after a 3-day free trial. It unlocks unique Angel follower，200 crowns every day and removes all ads.

The Knight Order Membership are auto-renewable subscription of Will Hero. Payment will be charged to your Apple ID account at the confirmation of purchase or at the end of the trial period of purchase, if it’s offered. The subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period. Your account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours prior to the end of the current period. You can manage and turn off auto-renewal of the subscription by going to your account settings on the App Store after purchase. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if it’s offered, will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription to that publication, where application.

Canceling trial period or subscription
You can turn off the auto-renew for the subscription whenever you want in the settings if your iTunes account. Check https://support.apple.com/HT202039.
When your current trial/subscription period expires, you will be unsubscribed. The current active subscription period cannot be canceled. After your subscription expires, you will no longer be able to use elements offered in your chosen Subscription Option.
If you have any questions or comments, feel free to contact us at contact@zplay.com

Terms of Use: http://games.zplay.com/en/ZplayTermsOfService.html
Privacy Policy: http://games.zplay.com/en/ZplayPrivacyPolicy.html