Must-Read Popular Novel 
Beenovel, a good novel app, covers massive novels. Forbidden Love, Sci-Fi, Thriller, Mystery, YA, Werewolf, Romance, Fantasy, Ancient Love, Vampire, and more exciting content fulfilling your every reading day.

Daily Updating 
English novels in Beenovel keep updating Daily. Resume your happy reading and no worries about a cliff-stop. Readers first, we will prioritize your needs and notify the author for quick updates. There will always be the one in your favor no matter short or long, suspense or comic, full or ongoing, etc. . Pick them up and read now!

Careful Notification
Newly released chapters and new arrivals novels will be sent to you in an immediate way to make sure that you won’t miss any attractive content.  Book lovers can also send your need to let us know which story you are heading for. Pick up the one you want to read best.

Customize Bookshelf
To have a better reading experience on the hottest novels, choose the one you like, build the bookshelf of your own then read them at any time. Simplify your reading moment Continue your reading journey.
 
Comfortable Reading Experience
Day and night mode are available for you. Adjust the mode based on the environment you are in. Read anything you want anywhere. When you’re reading a story, tap &amp; hold to auto-scroll.

Explore More Exciting Content
Check-in daily and earn more free coins to unlock more exciting content. Best romance and werewolf stories are waiting for you to explore…

Download Beenovel, Start Your Reading Journey. Have Fun!

Subscription Info

1. Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchases.

2. Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.

3. Account will be charged for renewal within 24 hours before the end of the current period, and identify the cost of the renewal.

4. Subscriptions may be managed by you and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to your account settings after purchase.

5. Any unused portion of a free trial period, if offered, will be forfeited when you purchase a subscription to that publication, where applicable.

Some Features May Contain Ads.

=Privacy Policy
https://sites.google.com/view/beenovel/privacy-policy

=Terms of Service
https://sites.google.com/view/beenovel/terms-of-service

=Contact Us
https://www.frivertech.com


