When virtual reality technology penetrates into every corner of human life, a mysterious messenger named "Moon God" built the virtual mythical world "Moon City" in the game, and before his death announced that he was scattered throughout the world, enough to change Fragments of Easter Eggs of Destiny_Moon Stone, collect the fragments to climb to the top of Moon City and become the king of Moon City! Lead various racial camps to engage in intense confrontations and experience exciting adventures...===Game Features===[Contract between Gods and Demons, Best Partner]Who is your best practice partner? Divination chooses the inheritance of the oath, light or dark, two distinct contract images are up to you to choose. One thought can become a god, and one thought can become a devil. Customize your inheritance path to help you change your life against the odds.[Full screen magic, cool special effects]There are dozens of skills for you to learn, and you can freely match a variety of unique and gorgeous skills. You can carry multiple skills into combat to achieve skill bombing, full-screen special effects and visual impact, and unlimited combos until you explode![Beautiful divine pet, ultimate evolution]The divine pet accompanies you to help you fight every PK. It has a beautiful image, evolves into multiple forms, can be cute or controlled, can be switched freely, and is paired with a variety of attribute skills, allowing you to easily face various opponents![A good match under the moon will accompany you forever]Promise a grand wedding and get one person to spend eternity together. In the world of "Moon City", you can find the one you like, hold a grand wedding, and have a wedding car parade. From then on, you can live and die together, and advance and retreat hand in hand.※The content of this game involves violence (including fights, attacks, and other scenes that are not bloody or slightly scary), and is classified as Auxiliary Level 12 according to the game software classification management regulations.※This game is a free game, but the game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items. Please make moderate consumption according to your personal interests and abilities.※Please pay attention to the game time and avoid addiction. Playing the game for a long time will easily affect your work and rest. It is advisable to rest and exercise moderately.※If you have any questions, please contact the customer service channel.【contact us】Facebook homepage customer service: https://www.shenyintw.com/facebookFacebook community: https://www.facebook.com/groups/834521811280481