FameEX, a professional cryptocurrency exchange, is committed to sending you trade Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH), Cardano (ADA), and other coins with ease and efficiency. No matter who you are, a beginner or a veteran, we provide you with tools and features that suit your trading style and strategy. A free built-in trading bot is available for quant trading. Download the FameEX app now and start your crypto journey anywhere in the world.Download the FameEx app to enjoy the benefits below.GET YOUR FIRST CRYPTO ASSETBuy cryptos using your debit card, credit card,  Apple Pay, and Google Pay within minutes. Trade Bitcoin(BTC), Ethereum(ETH), Cardano(ADA), Polkadot (DOT), Bitcoin Cash (BCH), Shiba Inu (SHIB), Dogecoin (DOGE), Tron (TRX), Uniswap (UNI), Polygon (MATIC), Filecoin (FIL), and many more coins all in one place. HAVE YOUR PICK OF MULTIPLE TRADE TYPESWe support spot, grid, futures, options, and margin trading to give you more flexibility in buying, selling, swapping and earning cryptocurrency. FameEX aims to offer comprehensive and secure trading solutions, integrating Web3, decentralized finance (DeFi) and centralized finance (CeFi) in the blockchain finance roadmap. Options trading can provide you with a higher chance of making significant profits over a shorter timeframe. You can also use our crypto wallet tools to keep track of your investment portfolios.EARN REWARDS WITH AI STRATEGEBuilt-in strategy tools save your time and enhance your cryptocurrency trading experience. Grid trading is a technique that places buy and sell orders at regular intervals above and below a set price, allowing you to profit from both upward and downward movements. DCA trading is a strategy that involves investing a fixed amount of crypto assets at regular intervals, regardless of market fluctuations, lowering your average cost of entry and benefiting from compound interest.SAFEGUARD YOUR ASSET WITH ADVANCED TECHFameEX keeps your crypto assets safe and private in full-node wallets. A unique code is exclusive to you, thereby guaranteeing that your transactions are untraceable. Also, cold and hot wallets are separated and protected by multiple layers of encryption and access control.OFFER ROBUST RISK MANAGEMENTFameEX is committed to providing users with a secure and reliable trading environment for cryptocurrencies. With that in mind, FameEX has implemented a comprehensive risk management system that adheres to banking standards, ensuring compliance with relevant laws and regulations. This system promotes sustainable and stable growth by managing risk effectively. Furthermore, a rigorous closed-loop back office management has been employed to guarantee the data security of the platform.ENSURE 24/7 CUSTOMER SERVICEWe prioritize our users and their needs by providing quick and reliable customer tech support in multiple languages. Our 24/7 customer service team, with expertise in trading and cryptocurrencies, ensures that all users can receive the assistance they need.Simplify your trade with confidence on FameEX. For any questions or inquiries, please contact us at service@mail.fameex.info.Join the communities:Twitter: https://twitter.com/FameexGlobalFacebook: https://www.facebook.com/FameexGlobalInstagram: https://www.instagram.com/fameex_globalTelegram: https://twitter.com/FameexGlobal