“thou hast magnified thy word above all thy name.” -Psalm 138:2The Authorized King James Version of the Holy Bible is God's providentially appointed Word for the whole world. With God-given programming talents, we are trying to build the best eBook Bible on our phones. KEY FEATURES:1. Offline Access: Study the KJV Bible anytime, anywhere, even without an internet connection.2. Ad-Free and IAP Free: Enjoy an uninterrupted and distraction-free experience as you immerse yourself in the Scriptures.3. Daily Inspirational Verse: Start each day with a motivating Bible verse to set a positive tone for your day.4. Easy Verse Management: Effortlessly copy and paste verses for reference or sharing with others.5. Bible Quiz: Test your knowledge of Bible trivia and deepen your understanding of God's Word.6. Offline Audio Bibles: Listen to audio Bibles even when you are not connected to the internet.7. Text and Font Adjustment: Personalize your reading experience by customizing font sizes, colors, styles, and line spacings.CUSTOMIZE YOUR OWN KJV BIBLE FOR FREE- Bookmarks: Easily pick up where you left off by using bookmarks to save your progress.- Verse Highlights: Mark your favorite verses with various colors and conveniently manage them in the highlight tab.- Notes: Record your thoughts, insights, and reflections on specific verses and share them with friends.CONTACT US:We welcome your valuable suggestions and feedback. If you have any comments or questions, please feel free to reach out to us at bible@honeyreader.com.Stay connected with us and receive updates:Like our Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/DISCLAIMER:This application is not affiliated with, endorsed, or sponsored by Life Church or the YouVersion Application.Embark on an exciting journey with our free pocket Bible app, where you can immerse yourself in the timeless wisdom and teachings of the King James Version. Let God's Word speak to you every day and night, providing solace and guidance whenever you need it. Start your spiritual exploration now and deepen your connection with God. Amen.