In the future world, the Z virus infection is attacking the entire city!In Pyro City, you will join the Doomsday Vanguard and explore the ruins with other members, protect the survivors and defeat the infected!Your bravery and wisdom will make you a hero in this world and contribute to the reconstruction of civilization!Feature Highlights:-A large number of monsters on the same screen, destroy them!- Use one hand to scan the entire map!-Innovative Roguelite skill experience for you to choose from!-Many level bosses with different difficulty options!Featured gameplay:The operation is simple and you can play it anytime and anywhere. No matter where you are, no matter when you want to play, you can play anytime and anywhere.Hundreds of skills can be matched at will, allowing you to create your own fighting style. In the game, you can choose specific skills and abilities to deal with different combat scenarios and enemies. The combination of different skills can create a variety of powerful combat strategies.Character upgrading and training give you more powerful abilities. In the game, you can gain experience points and improve your character level by defeating monsters and completing tasks. At the same time, you can also enhance your attributes and abilities by collecting props and equipment.Equipment is your best friend! Choose the right equipment to improve your combat effectiveness. In the game, you can obtain various equipment by exploring ruins, defeating monsters and completing tasks. These equipment can improve your attack power, defense power and other attributes, making you more powerful in battle.Many characters:Alice: Affectionately known as the "Witch of the Sky", she is a gentle and kind-hearted mystic. She is adept at casting spells, harnessing the elements, and weaving miracles in the air with her unique magic. Alice's abilities are not only fascinating, but often helpful when needed most.Chiharu: A talented geisha whose dance is called "The Falling Flower Fan" and is known for her grace and agility in battle. Her performance on the stage is like a visual feast, and on the battlefield, she defeats her enemies with lightning speed, perfectly combining art and power.Mio: A mystic with great potential, who is good at harnessing the power of the stars and turning it into his own use. He is well aware of the power of the Star and always uses it for righteous causes. His righteous heart will also become a guiding light for players on their way forward.More partners are waiting for you~Facebook:@DoomsdayVanguardTWITTER:@devilsurvi32094Contact Us: DoomsdayVanguard@outlook.com