Vidmix is the best photo music video editor with amazing effects and transitions. Numerous popular themes and templates for video making are now available in this FREE music video maker! You can also find a wide variety of trendy background music to choose from! Beginners? No worries! Vidmix is a great choice for you to make awesome videos with ease.Vidmix offers diverse templates that vary in themes: love, lyric, emoji, cartoon, and so on. With Vidmix, you can easily add music to video, create cool videos with photos and templates, make cartoon videos with magic effects.Get prepared to be impressed by our flashy transitions and unique effects! They will add spark to your video and inspire your creativity!Download Vidmix APP now to create videos with music and photo, and share them on Instagram,, Snapchat, Twitter and all social media!========✨Special Features✨========☆ Hundreds of high-quality filters to meet different requirements☆ Special 3D transition effects make your video unique☆ Multiple shots supported, and switch filters freely as you wish☆ Stylish face stickers☆ Wide Screen mode☆ Share your creative photos/videos on Facebook, Instagram, etc.---☆ Effect Music Video Maker ☆---★ The best editing tools to make video clips and add music easily★ Video effects designed to be a perfect match for short video editing – make your videos alive!★ Lots of free music - make your video fun and popular  ★ Cut a video into parts, merge images from your gallery★ Best music video editor with effects: edit video with music & pic for Instagram!---☆ Powerful Video Editing ☆---★ Short video editing tools to satisfy your needs★ Import your videos & clips and perfectly match with the background music!★ A variety of text styles and fonts – add text freely!★ Free music video editor with fantastic effects and transitions---☆ Add Music to Video ☆---★ Photo video maker with varieties of background music - always find the one that fits your photo video best!★ Choose your favorite beat template, upload your photo and videos and easily create videos with music.★ Create entertaining short video clips with the most recent popular music!---☆ Save & Share ☆---★ Save or export 720P/1080P HD videos to your phone with one click – with no quality loss  ★ Easy-to-use clip maker – helps you make videos from pics and songs within a few steps★ Turn your photos & video clips into the cool video with music and transitions!★ Easily and instantly share your work with your friends on any social media such as Facebook, YouTube, Instagram, to get more likes and new followers   VidMix is the best photo video maker which helps you make your own video clips easily. You can easily get more likes and followers in your social media account anytime anywhere. Download VidMix video editor app for free, make your own photo music video, share on Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, Twitter and all social media, and impress your friends and fans now!Have any questions about Vidmix – Music Video Editor with Effects? Don’t hesistate to contact us via vidmix.sup@gmail.com!