Noticias Locales is a complete news platform that provides the latest information about extensive themes, including local news, business, technology, entertainment, sports, politics, etc. The design of this application has an easy -to -use interface, which can promote navigation and access the latest news, and carefully select it from the global reliable source.With Noticias Locales, you can directly receive alarm and daily update on your mobile phone. This application allows you to understand news that affects you and your community, including trend holders, live news updates, international news, weather alarms, etc. The difference between local news is that it focuses on small local stories that have a significant impact on the community. The application believes that local news helps unite the community around the unique story of the community. By providing local news according to its location, local news guarantees it to understand your local incidents and climate conditions. In addition, the application of the app notification system follows the last moment of each editor to ensure that you receive the last moment of news notice in real time.One of the excellent features of the Noticias Locales application is that it can choose the ability of your favorite category, the theme and source are the ability to define news conferences. You can also choose to receive push notifications in the last minute story and ensure that the latest development in real time. Application applications allow you to find tens of thousands of reliability stories, and your highly personalized feed provides you with your concern.Noticias Locales Features:Latest news, country and local• Small story and big story, keep up with our current news report• Daily news is directly added to your device• Exploring the owner of national news and reading a complete and detailed storyLocal news• Get local stories, transportation, nearby activities, etc.• Use the discovery engine to discover the story of thousands of reliable sources• The last minute news notification: You can expect our fast notification system that follows the last story of each editor.Customized news referral• The story of obtaining a highly personalized feed care is related to your taste and preference• Reporting TV news, including sports, technology, health, real estate, science, celebrities, etc., including• In the final report of news and events, the country and localities maintain the latest state• Our platform collects and provides news that is vital to youNoticias Locales is an important application for anyone who wants to understand the world's latest news and events. His simple interface, self -defined summary, and his real time notification made him a great tool for news drug users and occasional readers.Responsibility: Local news is the news summary/RSS. Its main goal is to promote new content and help editors to attract more extensive audiences. If you have any comments or suggestions, send an email to newssdeliverhelp@gmail.com at any time.