"Fighting Martial Gods" is a 3D fairy-tale mobile game, with the theme of fairy-tale as the background, the magnificent scene is picturesque, looking for fairy love, tens of thousands of people cross-server fierce battles to create a visual feast, if the sky is ruthless, the gods will die; reincarnation Reincarnation, mortal cultivation. Yujian cuts off the love of three lives, the king fights in the sky and immortals! Bring players a wonderful game world.[Log in to the trench to send VIP]A new server is opened every day, and the daily signing ceremony is online. Buy V4 for 0 yuan, enjoy a windfall and enjoy playing offline, and you can also receive interest offline. Millions of red envelopes of fairy jade, fairy wings and spiritual pet training packages, powerful holy wheels and rare red outfits, you can choose at will after logging in. 6 heads of state recharge for a limited time, and you can get out-of-print avatars and limited fashions at will, and your combat power can easily increase!【Boss hunting with pets and humans】Pets can only be monotonously cultivated and watched? NO!NO!NO! In the game, the battle pet will be the main C position to fight the boss, with an invincible momentum and super strong attack power, the blood volume of the boss will drop down! Battle pets fight any BOSS, collect magic clothes, soar in combat power, and turn the world around.[Multiple job transfers in Jianghu]Equipment recycling independent pricing, multi-fold attack rebate experience overnight riches! Reversing Yin and Yang Twins, Five Elements Transforming Wings into Multiple Jobs, Yujian Flying Lightly Skilled and Drifting on Water, Hearty Striking Feeling Playing various dungeons, opening up a sect and allies GVG to fight against foreign enemies, practicing thousands of ways of cultivating immortals, breaking stereotypes, Customize your arena!【Multiple Social Relationships】The new marriage system, the whole server distributes wedding invitations, let the world witness your love, and you can also give birth to a super cute fairy baby, not only a witness of love, but also a fighting force! The fairy lovers follow the six worlds and the eight wilds wantonly, the beauties stay together and move the fantasy world, the romantic and happy Gods join hands, and enjoy the prosperity of the ancient times with friendship!