AI Face Swap, the ultimate app for creating fun and entertaining videos! It offers a wide variety of video templates to choose from, allowing you to swap faces and pretend to be anyone you want.

With advanced artificial intelligence algorithms, our app makes it easy for you to swap faces and create hilarious content. You can choose from a range of templates, including music videos, movie scenes, TV shows, and more. 

Our app is user-friendly and intuitive, with a simple interface that makes it easy to create and share your videos. You can share your videos directly from the app to your social media accounts, or save them to your device to share later.

Our app also includes a variety of photo filters for you to edit your photos. You can add backgrounds, text, stickers to your photos, crop them and adjust their contrast, brightness, saturation and more. Our photo editing features can make your photos more artistic.

Logo maker function module allows you to create your own brand logo easily on your iPhone  without design skills. Just choose a template you like from a library of 600+ templates, and then simply edit it, you can get a unique personal, business or company logo. A logo that combines aesthetic template and font can make you stand out from many competitors. 

Features
- Swap your face to become a movie star or a celebrity
- Customize brand &amp; personal logos easily
- Retouching photos with sophisticated filters
- Cutout with one click
- Funny stickers and fonts

Whether you want to have fun with your videos, edit your photos or create logos, AI Face Swap has got you covered. Download our app and start your creative journey.

UNLIMITED ACCESS MEMBERSHIP SUBSCRIPTION
You can subscribe for unlimited access to certain features in the app.
Subscription options: week plan &amp; year plan

Payment will be charged to iTunes Account at confirmation of purchase.
Subscription automatically renews unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24-hours before the end of the current period.
Account will be charged for renewal within 24-hours prior to the end of the current period. The cost depends on the selected plan.
Subscriptions may be managed by the user and auto-renewal may be turned off by going to the user's Account Settings after purchase.
Any unused portion of the free trial will be forfeited when the user purchases a subscription.


Privacy Policy: https://www.nextstyletech.com/logomaker/privacyPolicy.html
Terms of Use: https://www.nextstyletech.com/logomaker/termsofuse.html