Farlight 84 is a fast-Paced Hero Battle Royale. Survivors invited to Isle City will enter a futuristic world in the year 2084 and experience Battle Royale matches with up to 60 players!In addition, compared to traditional Hero Shooter Battle Royale games, Farlight 84 brings you quicker battles with more compact mayhem and rampage! Let your passion for shooting blossom into excitement and nonstop thrills! Your Farlight, Your Highlight!▶【Flexible Jetpacks. Dodge enemy bullets!】Utilizing the Farlight 84 unique jetpack for all-around rapid movement, you can flexibly dodge enemy attacks and fall from the skies to surprise your opponents! Get into the thick of things from a low altitude, glide across rivers and lakes, show off your skills with fancy footwork... This new unique shooting experience gives you a battlefield on wings!▶【Diverse Hero Skills. Not just for expert shooters 】A variety of Heroes, each equipped with their own set of special skills - stealth, interference, control, healing, reconnaissance, immunity, shields, quick movements, calling down airdrops, setting up turrets, etc. These skills are separated into four major types of roles: Assault, Defense, Scout and Support. Mix and match your team, strategize, and turn the tide of battle in the blink of an eye! Marksmanship is no longer the only key to victory! Everyone has their own place on the squad. The battle isn't over 'til last call! Anything is possible!▶【Diverse armed vehicles. Massive firepower across land and sky】Use heavy firepower and different vehicle skills to detonate the battlefield! A long-range Mobile Turret. A stealthy, river-crossing, precision-shooting Hoverbike. A continuous AOE spraying Flamethrower. A long-distance precision-bombing Gunboat. Oh, don't forget the flying armor that turns you into a superhero, the Air Beast! Come experience these awesome and unique vehicles in Farlight 84! Firefights with these monsters are always bound to be a blast! Loads of ammo, lightning speed, extreme firepower! No one is safe in the face of these vehicles of mayhem!▶【Same account on mobile and PC for free】Use one account across mobile and PC for free, allowing for more convenient social scenarios. Start a battle anywhere, anytime! You can also team up with friends on both ends, making it less difficult to form up a match.▶【Multiple Revives. Get revenge instantly】Are you deadloot on the ground again? Don't worry about it! If you fall within the first 8 minutes of a match, you'll revive instantly on the spot! Afterwards, you can still get revived when your teammates rescue you. Get your revenge while it's still hot!▶【Innovative in-game growth system. Get stronger by shooting or collecting】The more you shoot, the faster your weapon and attack power levels up. The more supplies you find, the stronger your shield will be. Where you start during a match will no longer affect things. As the game progresses, you will clearly experience an exhilarating escalation brought about by changes such as increased character strength, faster game pace, and more intensified confrontations!Survivors, we'll be waiting for YOU in Isle City!