A game booster that actually works! Say goodbye to game latency, and reach your real gaming potential! 

GearUP Booster is the ultimate gaming companion, accelerating and safeguarding your network. With our patented technology and specialized servers worldwide, we provide gamers around the world with lightning-fast, stable gaming connections. 

► Maximum Performance 
A game booster that actually reduces game lag! We utilize real, patented server technology to set up a better network environment for your device. 

► Minimal Requirements
Our technology ensures that our game booster does not cause higher data usage, higher battery usage or overheating. Perfect for gaming on the go!

► Boost any Game
You can boost all major mobile titles such as Free Fire, PUBGM, Genshin and Mobile Legends, as well as new hot games, such as Stumble Guys and Roblox.

► Easy to use 
Never used a game accelerator before? Worry not! Select the game you wish to play, and click boost. As easy as just one click!

► Patented Technology 
We provide an exclusive path for you to connect directly to the game server! No need to compete with other gamers for the usual congested route, ensuring lower latency and hence lower ping.

► Guaranteed Results
With years of experience building network tools under our belt, we deliver results . We work closely with network service providers in each country to ensure we provide only the best routes to users around the world.

► Secure VPN
We utilize VPN technology solely to transmit your game data more quickly to the game server. All this data is securely encrypted, and we do not collect or distribute your personal data.

►Free Trial &amp; Subscription
Try before you buy with a free trial and flexible subscription options.
If you’re enjoying a free trial, you will be charged on the last day of your free trial.
Your subscription will renew automatically at the end of each billing cycle, unless canceled at least 24 hours before the expiration date.
Easily manage your subscription and cancel anytime through your App Store account settings.
Purchasing a subscription will result in the forfeiture of any unused portion of a free trial period, if applicable.
You are welcome to read Subscription Terms here: https://mobile.booster.gearupportal.com/happ/statement/subscription