Meow~ Kitty Gym is open now! ( >ω<)♡Welcome to Kitty Gym, an idle cute cat game, the perfect blend of adorable cute cats and idle gym tycoon! Immerse yourself in the world of cats with our virtual cat gym. Whether you're a devoted cat game lover or just looking for a cozy game to unwind, Kitty Gym has it all! (=•́ܫ•̀=)♥Manage Your Gym♥Start small and watch your gym evolve into a bustling fitness club. First, begin with attracting customers by clicking the cat boxes. Various customers will be obtained by opening boxes. The more customers you attract, the more income you will grab. As your income grows, you can renovate your gym, upgrade the facilities, unlock more rooms with unique functions, and decorate your cat gym. Enjoy the fun of managing a cute cat gym to make it an amazing fitness club & animal café resortopia for all free cat games lovers. ♥Diverse Cute Cats♥Calling all lovers for cute animal games! Kitty Gym offers a wide array of adorable feline friends, from fluffy Ragdolls to mischievous Siamese. Collect them all and witness their playful antics as they engage in various fitness activities. Your gym is not just a place for idle gym tycoon but a resortopia for cats. Explore the charming cat café & snack bar, and watch your cats relax and exercise in the gym. It's the ultimate haven for cute game enthusiasts. ♥Dive into a World of Cat Paradise♥Follow the gameplay to unravel the captivating storyline of adorable cat customers, guiding you into a lovely cat world. In the cute games for girls, each cat boasts a distinctive personality and occupation, adding a unique touch to this enchanting cat-filled realm.♥Addictive Merge Gameplay♥Enjoy the fun of merging and unboxing as you explore the magical world of cat food & gym, perfect games for cats. Merge gift boxes of the same colors to unveil the cat fragments, which will be used to exchange and upgrade for more advanced cats. You may also have the chance to unbox the elusive "S" cats. =✪ ᆺ ✪Download Kitty Gym now, which is suitable for:ฅ'ω'ฅ Whoever loves cats!ฅ'ω'ฅ Whoever is looking for free cat games, cute animal games, and cute apps!ฅ'ω'ฅ Whoever loves tycoon games, idle games, and relaxing games!ฅ'ω'ฅ Whoever loves to play offline games for free! (no wifi needed)ฅ'ω'ฅ Whoever is fond of animal restaurants fun with snack, cat soup, cat café, and all kinds of cat food!Manage your gym, collect adorable cats, and create the ultimate cat paradise in the free cat games. Get ready to experience the joy of feline fitness! Come and join us! ♥