Do you like the game of cat and mouse? Are you ready to challenge the squid game and win the final victory to survive? The most popular hide and seek endless version of the game is back again, which adds a lot of Kawaii's cat image and a lot of little girl's skin for you to choose from. look out! The furry cat has begun to look for your trace. Hide and win!Hide and seek endless version is a very classic cat and mouse game, with a lovely painting style, which is very popular among children and girls. It contains the elements of Tamagotchi and the red light and green light game, which is very suitable for you to play a few levels in your spare time. In order not to be found by the cat, you need to help the little girl constantly hide behind various props and finally eat cake. In this tense and exciting game, can you help the poor girl escape from the clever cat? Are you ready to win the squid game? Help the little girl eat the cake!Game play:-When the cat hides, let the little girl run to the cake at this time-When the cat looks over, quickly put your finger on the screen and let the little girl stop and hide behind the prop. Don't be found by the clever cat-Let go of your fingers and let the little girl run all the way to the cakeFive reasons to play hide and seek endless version-Kawaii's painting style contains elements of Tamagotchi and hide and seek, which is deeply loved by children and girls-A simple, free, interesting and unstoppable hide and seek game-Props and super many levels are waiting for you to unlock-You can customize the game interface of the endless version of hide and seek exclusive to you according to your own preferences, and choose different backgrounds, cat images, little girls and props-There are so many cute cat skins to collect here. You can choose from Alice, Lolita, Hanfu, kimono and so on-Available offline (if you want to support us, please open Wi Fi to watch videos) for you to collectWant to win the squid game? Do you like cute cat image? Want to get the lovely skin of Little Red Riding Hood and Alice? If you also like Tamagotchi or cat and mouse, don't miss this endless version of hide and seek.Download hide and seek endless version of the game, and then it's time for you and cat to fight.