I'm back.Where was I off to, you once asked me?Not to be cliche, but all I can say is: it is a journey without a destination, but those who have each other on their minds will meet again... eventually. Let's reconnect and rediscover each other on Jagat. Coucou, mes amis.[Share and Explore in Real Time]Share your real-time location and status with your friends on Jagat, whether it's grabbing a coffee at your favorite cafe, or reminding them that their phone is low on battery. Your connections have never been closer![Entertaining and Interactive Experience]Communication on Jagat is nothing short of fun - from a variety of dazzling emojis and stickers to hidden easter eggs that get triggered when you least expect it. On Jagat, every greeting and interaction feels more vivid than you can imagine! Remember the fun we used to have Zenly when tossing poops to our friends? Well, it's all back and then some![Capture Memorable Moments]Document your daily life using Jagat's "NOW" feature. "Went to a new Thai restaurant today with my crush. The food was amazing!" Not only will these memories witness your relationships; they'll also give you a unique playback of your day.[Find Kindred Spirits]Discover a wide range of theme planets on Jagat and connect with people who share your interests. Curious to know who else in the neighborhood raises a Scottish Fold? Let's find out![Personalized Social Experience]Dive into a social experience on Jagat that's unlike anything you've known before. Share your unique story, find awesome people to hang out with, or organize a themed event. How about a streetball showdown this weekend?The key to maintaining a relationship is constant communication, and the way to create a new story is to make that first move. Whatever you're aiming for, Jagat is your passport to an unparalleled map social experience. Join Jagat now and start an adventure into a world of excitement! Let's pick up where we left off on Zenly and create and share stories that are yet to come!