In the world of "Mysterious Ruins", the power of mysterious sigils permeates the earth, and light and darkness are constantly intertwined, creating a mysterious and dangerous fantasy world. There are mysterious and dangerous dark dungeons in this world. They are scattered in every corner, becoming relics of ancient civilization and a gathering place of magical energy. The depths of the dungeon are filled with mysterious magical energy, precious treasures and dangerous creatures. Every step may be a surprise or a challenge. And the door of the Divine Seal Dungeon slowly unfolds on this mysterious land...[Classic characters, recast glory]Warriors are fearless and tenacious, and their ambitions are forged with flesh and blood. They can fight one against a hundred in close combat!Taoist priests are sacred and elegant. They illuminate the earth with holy light and are an aid in healing pain!The mage is mysterious and elegant. He uses magic to create miracles. He is a master of powerful group attacks![Free adventure, free trade]Here, there are vast maps for you to explore, such as dark dungeons, solemn and free Beach City, etc., unlimited exploration and unlimited treasure digging! Here, you can communicate and trade freely. Is it a pity to lose the extra equipment? Then trade it to your best friend and let’s grow and explore together![Dark BOSS, attack in groups]Here, you have to be careful, the ubiquitous BOSS is lurking in the dark, ready to attack at any time! Prepare your weapons and fight at any time! Kill the BOSS, experience yourself, and get a lot of equipment, runes, holy clothing, etc. How can you not take action![Guild team formation, multiple people on the same screen]If there are enemies, how can there be no guild and close friends? Join a guild, make close friends, and form a team to challenge all the impossible! Gods block and kill gods, invincible! When you are tired of fighting monsters, come and have a chat with us. The beauty in the world is nothing more than this![Versatile configurations, freedom of innovation]The ever-changing war mount is not only your mount, but also your good partner in battle! Super cute pet, soft and cute; accompanied by a beautiful woman, unlimited passion! There are also versatile fashions with unlimited matching, show off your exclusive outfit, maybe you will be the one who stands out on the T stage!Chuangjiao uses the gift code to receive the magic Guan Yu fashion and travel through the Three Kingdoms to become the protagonist!Send a universal gift code to receive continuous benefits and enjoy more fun:greatday1lolday3happy777sz666gift666gift888meirishequn1discord111In-game--Welfare Hall--Gift Code--paste the gift package code to get it. The in-game GM also distributes refreshing benefits from time to time, so hurry up and download it to experience it! ~Fan page entrance: https://www.facebook.com/profile.php?id=61552054091680DC Link: https://discord.com/invite/44ypYxPQDV*This game is free to use. The game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.*If you play games for a long time, please pay attention to the usage time and avoid being addicted to the game.