Shepherd Novel is an excellent novel reading app that covers all sorts of novels and updates them in a fast pace. Here, enjoy reading anytime and anywhere.

【The Sea of Novels】
-We have loads of copyright books of limitless types——romance, fantasy, werewolf, vampire, mystery and so forth——that will definitely catch you;
-We are introducing new books everyday to enrich your book shelf.

【Free Section】
-Free novels updates everyday. Just wait and you'll get it!

【Read Original Stories】
Discover stories in over fifty languages from writers around the world! Whatever you’re into reading—romance, science fiction, mystery, comedy, action adventure, fantasy, young adult fiction, or fanfiction—it’s all on Shepherd Novel. So whether you’re looking for more LGBT meet-cutes, cyberpunk fairy tales, or new technothrillers to devour, you’ll find it all, and so much more, on Shepherd Novel.

【Start Your Own Free Library】
Save your favorite stories to keep them with you wherever you go. Hooked on a story? Simply sync your account to easily pick up where you left off, whether you’re on your laptop, tablet, Kindle or iPhone.

Download Shepherd Novel APP and more new stories and episode coming soon!

【 Description of Auto Subscription Service】

1. Service Name：Shepherd Novel Member Subscription Service.

2. Subscription Period：Weekly/Monthly.

3. Subscription Price：$7.99/Weekly，$15.99/Monthly.

4. Buying a monthly subscription service will automatically debit your iTunes account and extend the service period of one month 24 hours before the monthly service expires.

5. If you want to unsubscribe, please open the iOS "Settings" —&gt; enter "iTunes Store and App Store" —&gt; click "Apple ID", select "View Apple ID", go to the "Account Settings" page, click "Subscribe" ", choose Shepherd Bundle to unsubscribe. If you do not unsubscribe at least 24 hours before the end of the subscription period, this subscription will be automatically renewed.

6.  Subscription Service Agreement：https://shepherdsapp.com/membershipTerms.