Simple Cleaner &amp; QR Tools is the ultimate app for providing powerful cleaning features for your device while scanning QR codes and barcodes .  

1)Simple Cleaner:
Boost your device's performance with the powerful cleaning features of Simple Cleaner. This all-in-one tool helps you optimize your device by efficiently cleaning up memory, scanning and removing duplicate or similar photos, clearing unwanted calendar events, managing contacts, and compressing images. By freeing up valuable space and organizing your device, Simple Cleaner ensures improved performance and a smoother user experience. Experience the benefits of a clutter-free device and unleash its full potential with Simple Cleaner.

2）QR Scanner:
Simple Cleaner &amp; QR Tools can scanning and creating any QR code or barcode. QR scanner supports to scan QR codes for shoes, clothing, medicine, jewelry, watches, books, movies, music, games, electronics, toys, etc. can scan and read all QR codes / barcode types including text, url, ISBN, product, contact, calendar, email, location, Wi-Fi and many more formats.

• Price comparison: product prices on eBay, Amazon, Walmart and other e-commerce platforms;
• Product Information: easily obtain product name, specification, category, origin, manufacturer and other information;
• Product search: product in many website have different price. You can fastly get it from different website.
• Convenient and fast: You can quickly get contact information, website address, WIFI password, event details, etc.

3）QR &amp; Barcode Generator:
QR &amp; Barcode Generator allow users to freely create QR codes or barcodes.  The option to generate QR codes or barcodes serves a variety of purposes, such as generating codes for your own social accounts, contact information, or business products.  You can generate a QR code and allow you to save, share the code you just created. Supports easy generation of multiple types of QR codes.

3)Simple Cleaner:
Optimize your device by cleaning up duplicate and similar photos, managing contacts, compressing images, and clearing unwanted calendar events, QR Tools &amp; Simple Cleaner helps you free up space and improve performance.

4）PDF Scanner
QR Tools &amp; Simple Cleaner is an all-in-one scanner app. It turns your mobile device into a powerful portable scanner that recognizes text automatically (OCR) and improves your productivity to save your time.

5）Quickly Digitize Documents
QR Tools &amp; Simple Cleaner app uses the camera on your mobile device to scan and digitize all kinds of paper documents.

6）ALL COMMON FORMATS
Scan all common barcode formats.

7）FLASHLIGHT AND ZOOM
Activate the flashlight for reliable scans in dark environments and use pinch-to-zoom to read barcods even from far distances.

8）Use code template
Create your own code, then you can use code template let you code look so cool and so different.

9）Easily manage history
A record of all scanned and created QR codes is permanently saved, and the history list makes it easy to manage and clear the history of visited locations and QR code links.

Privacy Policy：
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18iJdHRp268WZom9w9CIIHgUKQOlq0W1sQGmbnXVMYQQ/edit?usp=sharing
Terms of use:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/18jq2ZosSQwWGtDWT2K2ZjSMkQFit7tQHXSgWoI3zMaw/edit?usp=sharingTerms of use:https://docs.google.com/document/d/18jq2ZosSQwWGtDWT2K2ZjSMkQFit7tQHXSgWoI3zMaw/edit?usp=sharing