Global News is a personalized news aggregator which lets you stay informed on national and international breaking headlines. We highlights the latest news and provides the stories that suits you best!•Latest International News Daily News from over 10,000 leading publishers giving you the best Global News. Make sure you never miss the most important headlines all around the world, including tech news, business news, travel news, national and international news, health and more.• Customize your own newsletterSelect news categories and your favorite topics to see relevant news personalized just for you. So you can follow the categories you are interested in around the world.▪ Live Notifications about Breaking NewsGlobal News notifies you promptly of  top headlines. Tap the notification and read the latest content. Make sure you can always catch up with the latest and most important Global News.▪ Daily News BriefGlobal News provide a daily news digest so you can browse through the latest news on your free time. Touch the screen, and you will never miss any important piece of global news !▪ Timely local weather infoWant to know what the weather or traffic is like in your area? Global News provide accurate weather reports for you and your family, preparing you for what's to come.•Latest International News Daily News from over 10,000 leading publishers giving you the best Global News. Make sure you never miss the most important headlines all around the world, including tech news, business news, travel news, national and international news, health and more.• Customize your own newsletterSelect news categories and your favorite topics to see relevant news personalized just for you. So you can follow the categories you are interested in around the world.▪ Live Notifications about Breaking NewsGlobal News notifies you promptly of  top headlines. Tap the notification and read the latest content. Make sure you can always catch up with the latest and most important Global News.▪ Daily News BriefGlobal News provide a daily news digest so you can browse through the latest news on your free time. Touch the screen, and you will never miss any important piece of global news !▪ Timely local weather infoWant to know what the weather or traffic is like in your area? Global News provide accurate weather reports for you and your family, preparing you for what's to come.