Local News is a completely personalized content app that lets you follow trending topics locally and globally, provides rich and comprehensive content for your interests.What’s the local news in my area? What about weather or traffic? What important events are happening nearby? Join our community and stay informed with local news near you!Key Features:• Lastest news from local areaThis app helps people live safer, more vibrant and truly connected lives. Whether it’s your local sports team, lifestyle tips or headlines – you can access local, relevant stories with just a tap.• For you⁣Read the latest and most popular news articles on politics, crimes, entertainment, business, sports, travel, health, lifestyle... all delivered by top global and national media outlets.Our artificial intelligence algorithm helps to filter out thousands of articles everyday in order to find the ones that are most relevant and fun to read. You are what you read, that's why we have to be selective.• News commentary and shareDon’t just read the news, discuss it with other app readers! We welcome all respectful perspectives and points of view.Share information and conversations directly from the app to notify your friends, family, and loved ones immediately.• Real-time weatherLocal News app also provides you accurate local weather information which includes 72-hour and 14-day forecast and timely alerts. This is YOUR personal companion in this app, that helps you prepare for upcoming severe weather conditions.• Follow news sourcesA highly personalized feed caters your curiosity and reading interests, making you read content that’s what you really interested in. Read news with purpose and value!FOLLOW is a feature allowing you to personalize your news offering.Add sources wherever you see the icon for a quick route straight to the news you care about. You can also enter FOLLOW page to manage the news sources.News from sources you followed will appear in personalized FOLLOW feed.• Trusted news sourcesLocal News’s content discovery engine aggregates thousands of trusted sources. Browse news at any time, any location!From curated local briefing to professionally hand-picked national and world headlines, from emergency alerts to 360 full coverage, Local News is always the free and must-have content app that gives you insights and value.Disclaimer (For publishers)Local News is a content/RSS feeds aggregator, its main goal is to make getting fresh stories easier and help publishers to reach a larger audience. If you are a news publisher, please read this:To contact us by email: easemobileteam@gmail.com• If your website is listed in our apps, this means that we are using your RSS feeds, we think a fair use is beneficial for you and our users. But if you want us to remove your website just contact us and we will do as soon as possible.• If your website is listed and you want it to be a trusted source in our app, which will give you more visibility and traffic, please contact us.• If your website, newspaper or blog is not listed, please contact us to add it, which will boost our products.*Web version: https://topfeed.info/