Solitaire - Classic Card Games is a fun and cool solitaire card game that can help you improve your thinking and logic skills, while also helping you pass the time. Whether you're a card game expert or a beginner, our thoughtfully designed logic puzzles and entertaining gaming experience will delight you, providing a fun and cool experience. Solitaire - Classic Card Games is the popular and fun solitaire card game that immerses you in the world of puzzle solving. And the term “Solitaire” comes from the French word “patience”. The first book on "Solitaire" was called "Illustrated Card Games of Patience". In this free and fun puzzle game, even without a Wi-Fi connection, you can improve your logical skills, solve puzzles and train your brain. Solitaire - Classic Card Games features sorting cards as the core gameplay, creating a cool and fun gaming experience through simple rules.Rules of Solitaire - Classic Card Games：♠ Setup: Deal 28 cards from the deck into 7 tableau piles, with the number of cards increasing from left to right, starting with one card and ending with seven.♠ Foundations: The aim of the game is to move all the cards to 4 foundation piles. The foundation piles are built in ascending order, starting with an Ace and ending with a King, just like in a sequence game.♠ Tableau: You must stack the cards in descending order, alternating between red and black colors. A King or a group of cards starting with a King can be moved to an empty tableau pile.♠ Moves: You can move face-up cards between tableau piles as long as they are in descending order and alternate in color. You can also move the entire sequence of cards by clicking on the top-most card in that sequence.♠If you run out of moves, you can click on the stock pile to deal more cards. If the stock pile runs out, you can click on the empty space to deal again. This fun and free solitaire card game offers several variations, including Spider Solitaire and Freecell Solitaire. You can move cards by dragging them to their destination. It is completely free and can be enjoyed offline without the need for a wifi connection. This fun and free solitaire game is part of the classic series of solitaire games, similar to other card or board games. If you are tired of poker, Bridge and Rummy, why not try this solitaire game? It is a fun and free solitaire card game that is suitable not only for young people, but also for adults. You can enjoy this beloved card game for free anytime, anywhere, without the need for WiFi and internet connection. Solitaire - Classic Card Games offers:♣ Fun solitaire gameplay and classic puzzle challenges.♣ Completely free to play Solitaire games anytime.♣ Daily solitaire puzzles - unlock new solitaire challenges every day.♣ Play offline without wifi - a great puzzle game to kill time.♣ Unlimited card hints and undo options to increase your chances of solving solitaire puzzles.♣ Personalize your deck of cards with different backgrounds and card designs.♣ Card statistics to help you excel in this fun and free solitaire card game.♣ Travel mode: Solve solitaire puzzles, unlock beautiful jigsaw puzzles. Some solitaire card games can be unsolvable. If you are having difficulty you can try to start again or use card props to help you, these props can be obtained by watching ads. For fans of free solitaire puzzle games, Solitaire - Classic Card Games is your best choice. Come experience the popular classic solitaire game and embark on an unforgettable puzzle solving adventure! Download Solitaire - Classic Card Games and enjoy the free puzzle game anytime, anywhere, unrestricted by internet or WiFi. Let's embark on this fun puzzle solitaire journey together, experiencing the endless charm of solitaire puzzle games.