RiichiCity is one of the anime-style free mahjong games! Many adorable, charming girls are eagerly awaiting your arrival! Come and embark on a delightful mahjong journey with these lovely mahjong girls together! Battle alongside these lovely ACG characters in-app and against real mahjong players to dominate Riichi City!With various mahjong match modes available, both beginners and masters can savor the excitement of the real mahjong games! The user-friendly design ensures that even beginners can easily immerse themselves in the fun of playing mahjong online! Ignite your mahjong soul now! Conquer the challenges to be No.1![RiichiCity Features]◆Free to Play and Fair EnvironmentEnjoy different modes and features without any cost! Indulge in the real Riichi mahjong games with your friends anywhere, anytime! Experience truly random tiles, without any additional adjustments! Chii! Pon! Kan! Pinfu! Chinitsu! Kokushi Musou! Explore a wide range of yaku combinations that you love in a fair and secure gaming environment!◆Real-Life Design ElementsThe real-life design elements in the modern Riichi City, such as mahjong houses, cafés, convenience stores and more, bring the realness of playing live Japanese mahjong games to the app! Experience the fierce competition in the fast-paced Japanese mahjong matches!◆ACG Characters with Unique Playing Styles & PersonalitiesMeet and bond with the ACG characters in-app, each featuring their own playing styles and personalities, ranging from aggressive to defensive and skilled at reading discards... You name it! Grow with them and take your Japanese mahjong skills to the next level!◆Fully Voiced by Famous Japanese CVsRenowned Japanese voice actors and actresses bring the ACG characters in Riichi City to life with their exceptional voice acting talent! Lead them as their captain, start competing against others in the mahjong tournaments, and enjoy your game with these mahjong stars!CVs: Ogura Yui, Namikawa Daisuke, Ishikawa Yui, Arai Satomi, Suguta Hina, Morishima Shuuta, Hasegawa Reina...◆Beginner-Friendly FunctionsRiichi City has a lot to offer, including tutorials, game log, spectator mode, hints for the winning tiles, tips for drawing and discarding tiles, auto hints, point calculation, and much more! All of these features are designed to help beginners ease into the Riichi mahjong world!◆Community and Abundant Events with Generous RewardsNo longer play alone! Join the vibrant community and communicate with mahjong players from around the world!Stay tuned for the official knockout tournaments, Japanese mahjong matches, limited-time challenges, and events in the future, all featuring tons of prizes!