Tired of video playback being interrupted suddenly, or music suddenly stopping when switching pages? Welcome to a new era of smooth playback!Install Pure Tuber, enjoy smooth background play and floating popup play right now!Install NOW ⏬FUNCTIONS IN DETAILFloating Video Player- Allows you to play videos and MP3 music in Floating Popup Play Mode.- Play in both full-screen or floating popup window mode as you wishWhere your local media files come alive! This app seamlessly integrates your existing audio and video collections. Import files effortlessly and enjoy your personal media library with top-notch playback quality. Our intuitive interface makes navigation a breeze while ensuring your favorite tracks and videos are just a tap away. Perfect for those who love their curated collections, This feature transforms your device into a powerful, personal entertainment hub. Experience media playback, anytime, anywhere without internet! Background Video & Music Player- Allows you to play videos & music or audio in the background, in which way the video & mp3 or audio will continue to play when you exit Pure Tuber for other social media apps, such as Line, Messenger, WhatsApp, etc.- Use the Minimize function to fit Tube videos & music, on a small resizable, and movable window in the corner of your screen. Now you can play your favorite game, check your email, or perform any other task!Enjoy a smooth video and music-playing experience- The free premium has collected millions of videos through an AI engine, bringing you an unexpected watching & listening experience.Sleep TimerSet a timer before going to sleep, then you can put the phone aside, close your eyes, enjoy the media, and fall asleep sweetly or focus on other things.-No need to worry about the media being played until dawn, turn it off regularly to save traffic quota and power. You can play popular ASMR, sleep aid songs, classical music, listen to story sessions, sing, etc.- Some users will use the timer to help set the Pomodoro! Let the timer remind you to take a break while enjoying the background music, and enter the next Pomodoro in a better state.Up to 8K Resolution- Maximum resolution of videos active by default.- able to play videos or music videos with all resolutions from 144p to 8K, enjoy the best user experience.FEATURE💎Intelligent switching of day and night mode themes🚀No need to install other plug-ins, such as micro, Manager🔥 Maximum resolution of Advanced Tube videos or music active by default💥 Floating Popup Play Mode🎵 Background player, save data and power⭐ Bookmark your favorite video, music, songs, mp3, audio, etc.📛Note1. Free Premium is a third-party tube API. The contents of the videos are from the API Services.2. Pure Tuber complies with the API Terms of Use.3. According to YouTube's Terms of Use, we are not allowed to display videos from YouTube with the screen locked, nor to let you download songs or music.Privacy: https://www.premiumtuberapp.com/privacyService: https://www.premiumtuberapp.com/service