It doesn't matter if you are an experienced trader or just starting your trading career. The AAA Trading mobile app can help you to level up your trading every day.Start trading with AAA Trading! Trade Forex, Stocks, Metals, Energies, Indices and more on our simple, powerful trading platform with ZERO commission. Join the thousands of serious traders who have already trusted and choose us.All in one platformTransform your Forex trading journey with the sleek and powerful AAA Trading app. Say goodbye to superfluous tools and embrace streamlined, efficient trading that propels you towards professional excellence. Packed with essential features, this app is the ultimate companion for every ambitious FX trader.•	Free demo account – practice your trading strategy with $10,000 of virtual money. Try Forex trading risk free.•	Real-time quotes of financial instruments•	Track market trends with our mobile charts•	Full set of trade orders, including pending orders•	Learning app, online courses and trading guides•	Exclusive trading analytic tools at the tip of your fingers •	Access a wide range of technical indicators•	Financial news -dozens of materials daily•	Economic calendar- keep track of all important events in the forex world that can influence your strategy•	Customer service 24/7 in 10 languages via phone, messenger, chat and emailWide Range of Trading InstrumentsChoose an asset that fits your strategy the most and use it in Forex trading to satisfy your financial ambitions. With AAA Trading, you can operate in the financial markets with the following:•	Forex pairs: Over 50 forex pairs like EUR/USD, USD/JPY, GBP/USD, USD/CHF, NZD/USD, AUD/CHF, EUR/JPY•	Stocks: Apple, Microsoft, Tesla, Alphabet, Meta, Amazon, Coca-Cola, Disney, Visa, Netflix, JPMorgan, Alibaba, PayPal, Cisco, Intel, IBM, GE, eBay, Spotify, Robinhood, etc.•	Indices: AUS200, EU50, NAS100, SP500, HK50, JPN225, UK100，GER40, US30.•	Metals：gold and silver•	Energy: XTI/USD, XNG/USD, XBR/USDTrade the way you like•	Access over 10 indicators and 8 chart types，according to your preferences•	Manage orders through a simple tap and set up quick order, quick close and choose the appropriate leverage.•	Copy trading - harness the wisdom of experienced traders to generate profits for yourself.•	Set up pending orders while seeing the potential profit or loss impact on your account*Leverage is a double-edged sword and can dramatically amplify your profits. It can also just as dramatically amplify your losses. Trading foreign exchange with any level of leverage may not be suitable for all investors.*Copy trading does not amount to investment advice.Never trade alone againJoin the AAA Trading investor community and unleash your creativity in the global markets. AAA Trading is more than just an online investing platform – it's a hub for interacting, exchanging ideas, and sharing strategies with fellow investors. Harness the power of copy trading to tailor and disseminate your analysis, and start building your following today.Risk warningTrading forex involves significant risks and may not be suitable for all investors. Most retail investor accounts lose money when trading financial products. You should consider whether you understand how various financial products work and whether you can afford to take the high risk of losing money.