ThemePack is a free app with aesthetic app icons, awesome wallpapers, and stylish widgets, which helps you customize your home screen and lock screen like never before.

Are you bored with the standard phone style? With ThemePack, you can easily find your favorite widgets, amazing icon packs, and high-quality wallpapers, which are made by professional designers to change your home screen.

Key Features:
■Trendy App Icons changer
Discover the amazing collection of App icon themes, and replace your default icons for all of your favorite apps. Change your app icons for Free, and decorate your device to be unique.

■Stylish Widgets
Select widgets you like, Time, Date, Calendar, and Photo are available now, and more fancy widgets are waiting for you to discover.

■Still And Live Wallpapers
Liven up your screen with exclusive wallpapers and backgrounds. There are many genres of wallpapers, such as aesthetic, animals, glitter, nature, anime wallpaper, and so on. Every wallpaper is checked carefully and make sure a perfect display.

■New Lock Screen wallpapers
Change your screen with wallpaper customization options offered by iOS 16

Fancy themes for iPhone: cool widgets, customized app icons, aesthetic wallpapers. Endless personalized options give you a new way to express yourself, and make your iPhone outstanding. A cool screen-saver app is super easy to set up.

REQUIREMENTS
• Icon Dealer works on all iOS devices with the only requirement being that it is running iOS 14+.
• You can subscribe for unlimited access to all features within ThemePack.
• Subscriptions are billed weekly, monthly, or annually at the rate selected depending on the subscription plan.
• Your payment will be charged to your iTunes Account as soon as you confirm your purchase.
• When canceling a subscription, your subscription will stay active until the end of the period. Auto-renewal will be disabled, but the current subscription will not be refunded.

Term of Use: https://www.livemoji.net/privacy_en_iconchanger.html
