OiTube is a very convenient app that you can enjoy smooth background play and floating play in oi. What's more, OiTube supports video formats like HD, 4K, Ultra HD video files. Try OiTube now, enjoy videos and music, enjoy trending and unlimited contents in oi!New Features In OiTube1. All media formats supported for your offline files2. Enjoy the background play for the tube videos in oi3. Play videos in Floating Play Mode4. Support high-quality HD video5. Simple brightness control and volume control in oi play6. Collect nice videos in oi or share with your friends7. Sign in oi tube to update your subscribe8. Select the appropriate playback speed freely9. Search Any Videos & Music in oi play10. Timer setting for video player11. Dark mode supportedPlayer for your Offline Files- This powerful offline media player supports all audio file formats, such as MP3, M4A, WMA, AAC, OGG, WAV, FLAC, etc. - You can enjoy them smoothly wherever you go after importing, even when you have no Internet.Background Play For Videos- Enjoy the background play for oi tube videos, and the video will continue to play when you exit OiTube for other social media apps, such as Line, SNS, Whatsapp, Wechat,etc. - Use the minimize function to fit streaming videos, on a small resizable and movable window in the corner of your screen. So that you can background play your favorite games, reply to your friends' messages or perform any other task!-You can enjoy a smooth watching experience in OiTube play. OiTube uses advanced technology, you can watch millions of unlimited videos for free.Floating Play for Tube- Allow you to watch videos in Floating Play Mode.- Play oi in both full screen or floating popup window mode as you wish.- Drag the floating popup video window anywhere on the screen and adjust its size as needed.Ultra HD Player - Smoothly oi plays 720p, 1080p, 4K Videos, maximum resolution of videos active by default. - HD video player to watch oi tube vedios smoothly with all resolutions from Ultra HD, enjoy the best watching experience from OiTube.Dark Mode-It can better reduce eye fatigue and protect the eyes in the dark environment.Privacy policy: http://www.oitube.com/privacyTerms & conditions: http://www.oitube.com/terms