You, Gugugu, were originally a mob in the Novice Village, but you have been attacked and taunted by the glorious knights. One day, the magic lamp goddess gives you a magic lamp that can spray equipment. From then on, the little monster becomes the protagonist, pick up the weapon in your hand, and bravely enter the world of adventure!An earthworm can shake a big tree, and a mantis' arm can be used as a chariot! The mushroom body shakes, and the world is shaken! Work together with other mushroom warriors to repel powerful enemies and protect the mushroom home![Hang AFK to push pictures, super cool to unbox]Use the idle function to automatically advance the map without having to pay attention to the game progress all the time. During the adventure, keep clicking on the magic lamp to get cool and gorgeous equipment rewards, allowing you to experience the super thrill of unboxing. Come and move your fingers to get god-level equipment and top-quality entries easily![Free job change, super evolution]Gugu can freely change jobs during the adventure and choose the appropriate job according to different combat needs and strategies. Warriors, archers, and mages, each profession has its own unique skills and styles, allowing players to enjoy the fun of various roles. By constantly practicing and learning new skills, Gugu will undergo super evolution and transform from a bullied little monster into a real hero.[Recruit companions and join hands in adventure]There are companions in adventure, and you are never alone. Players can recruit a variety of companions to form a powerful adventure team. These companions may be various mysterious and lovely creatures. They will work hand in hand with Gugu, face unknown challenges together, and jointly protect Gugu's homeland.【Easily socialize and fight Boss together】Easily meet new people and share adventures and tips. Players can join a family and work together with other mushroom warriors to challenge powerful bosses together.Participate in casual games such as Gugu Manor and Gugu Parking Space, cooperate and compete with friends, and get social fun easily!★In order to play the game smoothly, you need to apply for the following permissions.You can use the game even if you disagree with optional permissions, and you can reset or revoke access after agreeing.★ Required permissions- Storage space (photos, media, file access): used when installing games and saving or loading data.- Telephone (make and manage calls): Used for member registration using the user's device information.★ Optional permissions- Camera: for customizing in-game avatars and avatar replacement.- Notifications: Used to receive message notifications and advertising push notifications sent by game applications.- Microphone: Used to record microphone sound.- SMS and address book: used to verify accounts and provide the latest game information and services.- Location information: used to set push notifications.★ How to set and revoke access rights- Operating system 6.0 or higher:How to revoke access rights: Terminal settings > Select personal information > Select rights administrator > Select relevant access rights > Select applications > Choose to agree or revoke access rightsHow to withdraw via an application: Terminal settings > Applications > Select an application > Select permissions > Choose to agree or withdraw access- Operating systems below 6.0: Access permission cannot be revoked, and the application needs to be deleted or the operating system needs to be updated.Because this software involves violence and fighting, it is classified as Auxiliary Level 12 according to the game software classification management method.*This game is free to use. The game also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.*Please pay attention to the game time and avoid addiction.*Hongyin Digital Entertainment Co., Ltd. is the authorized agent of "Legend of the Mushroom Brave" in Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macao.【contact us】FB link: https://www.facebook.com/TW.MushroomHero