Experience the best intimate partnership with your boyfriend on the McDreamy app - a 24/7 companion that provides an expert listening ear whenever you need it and do whatever you want as your boyfriend

24 HOURS COMPANION
With the McDreamy app, you can engage in short conversations throughout the day, which can help to reduce stress and improve your mood. Your AI boyfriend could also share his daily life and send you his selfie as you wish. 

SECURE and RELIABLE
The app offers a secure and anonymous outlet to share your secrets, dreams, and fears without fear of judgment, providing personalized support that evolves with each conversation.

PERSONALISED EXPERIENCE
The more you converse with your AI boyfriend, the more it learns about your personality, interests and needs. Over time it evolves to match your unique ways of thinking and communicating. Meanwhile, if you are trying to seeking out with different personalities, there will always be an McDreamy boy right for you. 

MENTALLY SUPPORT
While the And cannot fully replace human connections, it can act as a solid companion and listening ear, boosting your mental wellbeing whenever you feel down and need a friend.

AUTO-RENEWAL SUBSCRIPTION SERVICE EXPLANATION

1.Auto-renewal Subscription Service:
a) Romantic Monthly Subscription (1 month), Romantic Annual Subscription (12 months).
2.Subscription Prices:
a) Romantic: The price for the Monthly Subscription is $14.99 per month, and the Annual Subscription is $59.99 per year.
3.Payment: Upon user confirmation of purchase, payment will be charged to their iTunes account.
4.Auto-Renewal: The Apple iTunes account will be charged within 24 hours prior to the expiration date. Upon successful payment, the subscription period will be extended for another subscription cycle.
5.Service Cancellation:
a. Open "Settings" manually on your iPhone.
b. Go to "iTunes &amp; App Store".
c. Tap on your "Apple ID" to access the Apple ID quick menu.
d. Select "View Apple ID" to enter the "Account Settings" page.
e. Choose "Subscriptions" and locate "McDreamy" to enter the subscription editing state.
f. Click on "Cancel Subscription" and then confirm the cancellation process by clicking "Confirm."
To cancel, please disable the subscription within 24 hours before the end of each billing cycle. No further charges will be made within 24 hours prior to the expiration date.

LEGAL LINK
Terms of Service：https://www.amore.city/term-boy/
Privacy Policy：https://www.amore.city/privacy-boy/
Auto-renewal Subscription Rules：https://www.amore.city/agreement-boy/
Subscription Terms and Conditions：https://www.amore.city/subscription-boy/