"Peak Speed" has a surprise New Year's Eve giveaway. From December 28th to January 3rd, log in to the game every day to receive 10 consecutive draws, a total of 70 consecutive draws for free! There are many interesting New Year’s Eve activities waiting for you to challenge. Complete the "Speed ​​Festival" themed tasks to get gift car decorations, unlock cute two-person actions, and participate in the "New Year and New Weather Painting Contest" to change your car into new clothes and receive gift packs! In addition, the New Year's Eve card pool has received a major update. The AMG SL63 will be on display at the Peak Auto Show for the first time, and the limited time chance of the popular extreme supercar Ford GT will increase. At the same time, the Shanghai International Circuit is waiting for you to experience and feel the adrenaline surge and the passion of racing!Come to "Peak Speed" with your fellow riders to get surprise gifts and have a warm New Year's Eve!"Peak Speed" is a 3A-level peak-quality immersive racing game in deep cooperation with Codemasters@. Players can freely collect and modify more than 100 genuine authorized luxury vehicles, ride on streets and professional tracks around the world, experience the immersive experience brought by the ultimate light and shadow and real roar, and have rich racing gameplay. Join now and compete with others Players engage in real-time racing duels to break the speed limit of racing cars!※"Peak Speed" is classified as protection level 6+ according to the game software classification management method. The game plot of this application involves violence.※ This application game is free to use. It also provides paid services such as purchasing virtual game coins and items.※ Please experience according to your personal interests and abilities. Please pay attention to the game time to avoid addiction.Official website: https://www.racingmaster.game/tw/Official FB fan group: https://www.facebook.com/RacingMasterHMTOfficial Youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCecH9MlAn8bPc7evpWFNahACustomer Service Center: https://support.longeplay.com.tw/service_quick?param_game_id=G112