SoulU, the incredible social app, not only lets you make friends in random chat and messages but also allows you to Go live chat, engaging in live chat and live video with strangers from all around the world. With SoulU, you can easily meet strangers and discover beautiful surprises at any time. Dive into the world of online chat and enjoy the thrill of real-time voice chat. Plus, you can use various funny emojis to break the ice. SoulU is your ultimate destination for all things social, making it the perfect social app for connecting and building friendships. Join the SweetMeet community today and experience the excitement of making new friends through the power of technology.Hope you enjoy the game in SoulU and harvest all the things that you want!Main features:★→GO LIVE CHAT WITH REAL PEOPLEGo live and chat with real people on SoulU, the ultimate social app for live chat and online chat. Our registration process ensures real-person authentication, guaranteeing authentic interactions. We match you randomly with someone, ensuring you're always excited to meet strangers and have a chat.★→HIGH RESPONSE RATE TO MAKE FRIENDSWorried about unresponsive conversations? In SoulU, experience a high response rate. Many users are eager to meet strangers and will proactively say hello. You can also initiate conversations with people nearby.★→A SOCIAL APP WITH HEALTHY COMMUNITY Join our healthy community where users make friends and share life moments. Give a thumbs-up to their wonderful experiences. Some even use their voices to introduce themselves, allowing you to directly listen or browse photos before getting to know each other, make friends, and meet girls.★→RANDOM MATCHING FOR SWEETMEETIt's all about random matching – it's fun and a new experience every time. Engage in exciting conversations with random strangers from around the world, all while staying anonymous. Have a blast together! Discover the world of live video and online chat on SweetMeet's SoulU, the best social app for connecting with real people. Download now for an unforgettable experience!WHY SHOULD I CHOOSE SoulU?SoulU is focused on details so that it will entertain more people. On SoulU, tap to start voice chatting in 3 seconds!Download SoulU and begin to share your happiness with the world NOW!If you have a suggestion, please let us know, we look forward to your voice!SoulU.app@gmail.com 【Subscrption Policy】Upon user confirmation and payment, charges will be applied to the Google Play account. Users can manage subscriptions and auto-renewal settings in their account preferences. To cancel auto-renewal, manually disable the feature in Google Play account settings at least 24 hours before the current subscription period ends.Our Plan: 1. The SuperStar subscription is available at various pricing tiers, offering users flexible options. 2. Subscribers can opt for a monthly plan at $9.99, a 3-month plan at $26.99, or a 12-month plan at $99.99. 3. Prices may vary in countries. Google Play account will be debited within 24 hours before expiration, extending the subscription cycle after successful deduction.Privacy Policy: https://www.souluapp.com/privacy_policy?lang=enTerms and Conditions: https://www.souluapp.com/terms_and_conditions?lang=en