War Pets have arrived in Call of Dragons! Capture ferocious beasts in a vast 3.88m sq km map, and train them up to fight alongside you!
 
【Capture War Pets】
Subdue ferocious beasts and deploy them alongside powerful fantasy armies!

【Train War Pets】
Interact with your War Pet to increase their Affection Level. Strengthen them by feeding them, regenerating them, or inheriting Skills. Your War Pet will be an indespensible member of your forces!

【Summon Behemoths】
Team up with your allies to take on gigantic Behemoths, then summon them in combat to dominate the battlefield!

【Freedom To Fight】
Take advantage of truly 3D terrain to create your strategy, command flying legions to traverse mountains and rivers, and unleash powerful combat skills to lead your allies to victory in huge-scale fantasy warfare!

【An Immersive Fantasy World】
Recruit Elven maidens, mighty Orcs, powerful frost mages, and countless other magical heroes. Journey to the mystical Firefly Tree, the daunting Frozen Spires, and other fantastic wonders, and enjoy a vast fantasy world like nothing you've ever seen before.
 
*****Game Features*****
 
 【Purify War Pets, Then Fight Beside Them】
 Simple-hearted Bears, stubborn Lizards, aloof Rocs, and mischievous Faedrakes– they're all waiting to become your new best friend! Purify them to bring them under your command, then deploy them alongside vast fantasy armies. Train them up to strengthen their powers and turn your magical companion into a devastating weapon!

【Hunt and Tame Behemoths】
The land of Tamaris is infested with Behemoths—giant ancient beasts like Hydras, Thunder Rocs, and mighty and terrifying Dragons. Stand shoulder to shoulder with your allies to bring them to heel, then train them to become your secret weapon. Then, in your hour of need, deploy Behemoths to crush your enemies!

【Heal Units for Free】
Wounded units can be healed automatically without consuming any resources. Wage war, challenge other players, and fight to your heart's content! Enjoy the thrill of the battlefield without worrying about your stockpiles. Your path to conquest begins now!

【Countless Fantastic Creatures】
The land of Tamaris is filled with many fantastic races: noble Elves, mighty Orcs, wily Satyrs, wise Treants, majestic Forest Eagles and otherworldly Celestials. Each of these races can join your forces and lead them to victory. Meanwhile, Hydras, Giant Bears, Thunder Rocs and other terrifying creatures lie in wait...

【Powerful Hero Skills】
Assign mighty heroes to lead your forces, and train them up to use powerful abilities that allow them to turn invisible, charge across the battlefield in an instant, or unleash devastating AoE attacks! Master the battlefield, then strike at a critical moment to turn the tide of battle and claim victory!

【3D Terrain &amp; Flying Legions】
Take advantage of rich and varied 3D terrain to carry out rapid assaults, defend your position, and unleash air raids to crush the enemy with strategy. Deploy flying legions across canyons, deserts, rivers, and mountains to deliver a devastating blow!

【Expand, Exploit, Explore, &amp; Exterminate】
The prosperity of the kingdom is in your hands. Upgrade buildings and technologies, train troops, gather resources, expand your territory, and prove that you are worthy to rule Tamaris!

SUPPORT
If you encounter any issues during the game, you can send us feedback via the in-game Customer Service Center.
Customer Service Email: callofdragons-service@farlightgames.com
Official Site: callofdragons.farlightgames.com
Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/callofdragons
YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCMTqr8lzoTFO_NtPURyPThw
Discord: https://discord.gg/Pub3fg535h
Privacy Policy: https://www.farlightgames.com/privacy
Terms of Service: https://www.farlightgames.com/termsofservice